---
title: "Greece: 17N Convicted Terrorist Koufodinas on Hunger Strike for 45 Days"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/0nFMr6FxqYw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "0nFMr6FxqYw"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["eudebates","17N","Costa Gavras"]
date: "2021-11-14T04:49:44+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-02-23T23:45:42Z"
duration: "PT21S"
viewcount: "470"
likeCount: "2"
dislikeCount: "4"
channel: "EU Debates | eudebates.tv"
---
{% raw %}Convicted terrorist Dimitris Koufodinas, who has been on a hunger strike for 45 days demanding to be moved to an Athens prison, announced on Monday he will stop drinking water as well.<br /><br />Koufodinas, a leading member of the November 17 (17N) terrorist group, is serving 11 life sentences for a series of murders. He has never expressed remorse for the killings. <br /><br />In 2018 he was moved from Korydallos Prison in Athens to a low-security agricultural facility after the prison council approved his parole request, citing “exemplary behavior.”<br /><br />He was granted at least six temporary prison leaves during the period 2017-19. During one of his leaves he was spotted leisurely strolling the streets of Athens.<br /><br />In 2020 Koufodinas was sent to a high security prison in Domokos, in central Greece.<br /><br />His supporters claim the move to the new facility is unlawful and punitive. He started a hunger strike in early January of 2021. <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.eudebates.tv/">https://www.eudebates.tv/</a> On Monday the convicted killer announced he will also stop drinking water, until his demand is met.<br />#eudebates #terrorists #Greece <br />Costa #Gavras appeals for #Koufodinas’ life <br /><br />Greek-French film director Costa-Gavras on Monday appealed to the Greek PM, Kyriakos Mitsotakis, to save the life of Koufodinas and order his return to Korydallos Prison.<br /><br />“Based on the principles of humanity, (I appeal to Mitsotakis) to fulfill his obligation under the rule of law and to order the return of the convicted prisoner Dimitris Koufontinas to the prison where he was serving his sentence,” Costa-Gavras declared.<br /><br />Last week, dozens of academics and artists also sent a letter of appeal to the Greek government asking for Koufodinas to be moved.<br /><br />However, the Greek government insists that it is abiding by the law. It says that democracy cannot be blackmailed by a convicted terrorist.<br /><br />Supporters on the rampage <br /><br />Some leftist groups supporting Koufodinas have launched attacks against media outlets and government ministers.<br /><br />On Monday evening his supporters vandalized the offices of Action24 TV station in Athens.<br /><br />They threw paint and rocks, damaging the glass entrance of the building. They also threw printed flyers in the building as a way to show solidarity with Koufodinas. One suspect was arrested. <br /><br />A little later, a different group vandalized the office of Education Minister Niki Kerameus. It sprayed red paint on the walls, calling for solidarity with Koufodinas.<br /><br />Koufodinas was hit-man for terrorist group<br />17N was formed in 1975 and led by Alexandros Giotopoulos. Koufodinas was the main hit man for the group.<br /><br />The terror group conducted an extensive urban guerrilla campaign against the Greek state, banks, and businesses, as well as American, Turkish, and British targets.<br /><br />It committed 103 known armed robberies, assassinations, and bombing attacks, during which 23 people were killed. <br /><br />Greek President’s home targeted by Koufodinas supporters <br /><br />The residence of Greece’s President Katerina Sakellaropoulou, was targeted by supporters of convicted terrorist Dimitris Koufodinas on Tuesday afternoon.<br /><br />The group threw flyers in support of the hunger-striking prisoner and shouted slogans before departing. None of them were detained.<br /><br />Stressing that “Democracy is neither terrorised nor blackmailed”, government spokesman Christos Tarantilis condemned the attack. <br /><br />63-year-old Dimitris Koufodinas is serving 11 life sentences for murder, armed robbery and use of firearms and explosives as a leading member of the militant group November 17, whose members remained at large for decades until a botched bomb attack in 2002.<br /><br />He argues that his transfer in December to a high-security prison in central Greece was illegal and is demanding to return to the Athens prison where he had spent most of his sentence so far.<br /><br />Moreover on Monday evening, 5 individuals also vandalised the offices of Action24 sports TV station.<br /><br />They sprayed slogans relating to Koufodinas’ case and threw rocks, damaging the glass-front entrance. Police detained one person so far.<br /><br />Deputy Prime Minister Thodoris Livanios condemned the attack with a post on Twitter: “Every attack against news media is an attack against Democracy”. <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.eudebates.tv/">https://www.eudebates.tv/</a> #eudebates{% endraw %}
