---
title: "El Original Brew  The Ancient Order of Froth Blowers (Hi-Res)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/hvfdZsn5128\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "hvfdZsn5128"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Wizzard","ELO","Sundae Club"]
date: "2021-11-13T23:13:18+03:00"
vid_date: "2016-12-16T21:19:36Z"
duration: "PT4M18S"
viewcount: "1111"
likeCount: "23"
dislikeCount: "1"
channel: "hamstall"
---
{% raw %}Buy the single, beer-mats, t-shirts here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://frothblowerband.bandcamp.com/">https://frothblowerband.bandcamp.com/</a><br /><br />El Original Brew is available in pints in good pubs in Birmingham, Cheltenham and Kentish Town.<br /><br />BILL HUNT is a (still) walking piece of pop memorabilia; a collectors’ item. The only musician, along with the superlative ROY WOOD, to have been in the original line up of both the world renowned ELO and 70’s glam rock chart toppers WIZZARD, who used to wish it could be Christmas every day.<br /><br />In 1972 Bill wrote the B-side of the first WIZZARD single, 'Ball Park Incident' which sold over 250,000 copies. The original title was to be 'The Light Fantastic', but Roy wasn’t so keen as there was another Birmingham band of the same name. So unbeknownst to Bill, the band re-named the track 'The Carlsberg Special (Pianos Demolished Phone 021 373 4472)'. The inclusion of Bill’s home number in the title led to his phone ringing non-stop and double non-stop at the weekends. It seemed that everybody who bought the record had decided to ring the number on the back out of curiosity. He was forced to change his number. About a year later it was allocated to a dear, unwitting lady pensioner and it started ringing all over again! Carlsberg Special Brew was the band’s then drink of choice - that and rocket fuel!  Pianos demolished? This was back in the days of student piano smashing contests - no computer games then - and Bill was following in the footsteps of The Move’s Carl Wayne (TV sets), The Who’s Pete Townshend (guitars) and of course, The Who’s drummer Keith Moon (anything). The single was launched at The Magic Circle Club (Wizzard – geddit?) in London. The world’s most prestigious magic club. Carlsberg even showed up with crates of their Special Brew.<br /><br />43 years later, Bill has written the follow up – EL ORIGINAL BREW. It came to him in a flash! After his early rock band experiences followed by 30 years in music education, intertwined with a performing and writing career, including a jointly written album with song writing partner Dave Hill of once rival band Slade (we both think we had the best Christmas single) inspiration struck. It came through his meeting up with Hamstall Ridware and Dr C D Mille of Sundae Club, to whom he was introduced by his old (well actually a little bit younger than him) school mate Steve Winwood. Ridware and Mille were massive fans of Roy Wood, Jeff Lynne and the early ELO style. The seed was sown. The horn was blown.<br /><br />EL ORIGINAL BREW will be released in a limited edition FROTHY ALE COLOURED vinyl single but we would be happy to sell 250,000 copies like the original. It will be b/w a Sundae-Clubbed version of singer-songwriter WILL HUNT’s 'The Kentish Town Song'. Will (Bill's son!) led the Columbia-signed band Dansette Junior, whose single 'Paranoid' has over 2,300,000 hits on YouTube. Ridware and Mille have produced an early ELO-type arrangement in the style of '10538 Overture' the first ELO single. This makes the vinyl version probably the only single in history ever to be released as a Double B Side.<br /><br />Bill was most ably assisted up the stairs and in this epic piece of Rock n Roll Re-Enactment by…<br /><br />SUNDAE CLUB – the multi-talented and multi-faceted production team of Hamstall Ridware and Dr. C D Mille, perfect in planning and execution - from which they were reprieved.<br /><br />NICK PENTELOW – one of the 2 guys with the most sax appeal in WIZZARD, who spent years down the pit (playing in top London musicals) and now rides alongside Andy Fairweather Low (ex-Amen Corner &amp; Eric Clapton) And The Low Riders.<br /><br />MILES HUNT &amp; ERICA NOCKALLS – Miles is the singer/songwriter/frontman/raconteur/diarist etc. with 80’s &amp; 90’s chart toppers THE WONDERSTUFF and was pageboy at Bill’s wedding! Now he can add electric sitar soloist to his long list of continuing accolades. Erica spread sparkling and inventive violin parts all over the track as she does with ‘The Stuffies’, her own EN band and indeed, when Glastonbury-ing with The Proclaimers.<br /><br />Thanks to HUGH McDOWELL – ex-ELO &amp; ex-WIZZARD. Cello and wine consultant.<br /><br />Special thanks to SKINS BLITHBURY of The Album Project UK. The only drummer to be able to play like Keith Smart and Charlie Grima...at the same time.<br /><br />The producer was GEORGE SHILLING.<br /><br />EL ORIGINAL BREW - The world has waited long enough.{% endraw %}
