---
title: "The Great Way - Verses on the Faith Mind - Seng-ts'an - Third Chinese Patriarch - Zen Buddhism"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/xz8Vxvf4b8w\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "xz8Vxvf4b8w"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Great","Verses","Faith"]
date: "2021-11-25T03:48:07+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-12-01T02:23:19Z"
duration: "PT25M11S"
viewcount: "14908"
likeCount: "433"
dislikeCount: "9"
channel: "Samaneri Jayasāra - Wisdom of the Masters"
---
{% raw %}Hsin-hsin Ming, commonly known as &quot;Verses on the Faith-Mind&quot; by Seng-ts'an, Third Zen Patriarch. This is a class short Zen scripture. It really expresses a profound viewpoint on reality. It is short - but many people contemplate it for many years, finding deep inspiration for their daily practices and way of life. <br /><br />The text can be found here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.mendosa.com/way.html">http://www.mendosa.com/way.html</a><br />Translated By Richard B. Clarke<br /><br />Music: &quot;Returning to Now&quot;  by Karunesh<br />_________________________________________<br /><br />🙏 May whatever goodness arises from these readings/offerings be for the benefit of all sentient beings.<br /><br />❤️ A sincere thank you to all listeners and donors for your appreciative comments and offerings of generosity in support of this channel and its intention.<br />Every day I am deeply touched by your warm support and kind messages of gratitude.<br /><br />Turn on the '🔔' to get notifications for new releases! <br />_______________________________________<br /><br />🔆 Thank you to everyone who has written to inquire about offering a donation to express appreciation for this channel. You are welcome to do so, and all offerings will go towards the development of a small retreat hermitage for nuns.<br />There are two options to donate using this email address: vivekahermitage@gmail.com  with PayPal,<br />or using this link: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://paypal.me/VivekaHermitage">https://paypal.me/VivekaHermitage</a> <br /><br />Alternatively, if you prefer to make a bank deposit (or use alternatives like Transferwise or Xoom) to Viveka Hermitage account, either internationally or domestically, please contact us on the above email address for account details.<br />_________________________________________<br /><br />🎧 As a Buddhist nun, my intention with this channel is to offer these creative adaptations of spiritual teachings for the purpose of deepening spiritual understanding, contemplation, meditation, healing, devotion and relaxation for listeners. This channel is not monetized for profit through YouTube advertising revenue, and never will be. All the videos are strictly for educational purposes, not-for-profit and non-commercial. If ads appear on some videos it is because the music companies have the “right” to run ads for their profit if I have used copyrighted music.<br /> “All the words, music, images, and graphics used in the video belong to their respective owners and I or this channel does not claim any right over them. This video is posted for educational and spiritual purposes only.<br />Copyright Disclaimer under section 107 of the Copyright Act of 1976, allowance is made for “fair use” for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, education and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing.”{% endraw %}
