---
title: "Deregulate"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/nqmId0Lt23U\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "nqmId0Lt23U"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Siivagunner","KFAD","King for a Day"]
date: "2021-11-24T15:37:19+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-07-22T20:00:16Z"
duration: "PT3M29S"
viewcount: "1723"
likeCount: "55"
dislikeCount: "1"
channel: "Temporary Flight Attendant"
---
{% raw %}Track by: Phase<br />Art by: Pokopakku<br />Writing by: Ragnamalamity<br />Character Represented: Bec Noir<br />-<br /><br />[ You’re going home, goddammit. You’re tired. You’ve seen enough - this island’s too much to take. Choked when it mattered most and for what, some bumbling cadet to slip on the staircase you’ve laid out for him? Pathetic. It’s all been a waste of time. There’s nothing to pack, nothing to keep you tethered to this place. You want out and you’re not taking no for an answer. → ]<br /><br />[ Up to the sky you fly, bitter memories flooding full force. That easy first swipe, which only led to any strong competition being crushed by a free kill. Losing to ancient machinations of entertainment, not even by a slim margin. Then, getting another easy shot because the audience didn’t believe in them anymore… and choking at the end. You’re furious, but with nobody but the night to give you company, you can’t even bother to let it show. → ]<br /><br />[ You’ve gone soft. → ]<br /><br />[ ...Wait. No, that doesn’t... you couldn’t have. → ]<br /><br />[ And yet you find yourself unable to keep that rage for long. It fizzles out, only to snowball at the prospect of getting even CLOSE to softer. You’re not a changed man, or dog, or anything for that matter. You’re Bec Noir, damn it. → ]<br /><br />[ As you float off, you discard the stupid, ragged trophies you’ve swiped from your competition; lame horns and forgettable headware ripped off your head and sent flying into the inky black below. You don’t know where they’re going, and you don’t care. You don’t know where YOU’RE going, and you don’t care. → ]<br /><br />[ Home? Pshh. Yeah right. You’re not getting stuck there, you have better ‘jokes’ to crack, better ‘gigs’ to break. Maybe that’ll be what you do when you get back. A cigar, some licorice, and some blood on your hands… yeah. That sounds nice. → ]<br /><br />[ (S) Blow this joint, once and for all. → ]<br />-<br /><br />Sourcelist:<br />- Songs from Homestuck and its spinoffs<br />(Showtime, Walk - Stab - Walk, Black, Oppa Toby Style, Flare, MeGaLovania, etc.)<br />- Songs related to gangs and the mafia<br />(Pump by Valentino Khan, Gucci Gang, Gangsta's Paradise, Don’t You Worry Child by Swedish House Mafia, etc.)<br />- Songs in the genre of ragtime/swing<br />(Cuphead Soundtrack, I Can’t Decide, Other Friends, etc.)<br />- Songs related to dogs<br />(Dogsong, Nintendogs OST, Who Let The Dogs Out, etc.)<br /><br />Songs Used:<br />Warren G ft. Nate Dogg - Regulate (Dogs) <br />Nate Dogg ft. Warren G - Nobody Does It Better (Dogs)<br />Dr. Dre &amp; Snoop Dogg - The Next Episode (Dogs)<br />SIAMÉS - The Wolf (Dogs)<br />Pokemon Sun and Moon - Guzma Encounter Theme [Kamex Remix] (Gangs)<br />2Mello - Poison Jam (Gangs)<br />Alterniabound - Vriska's Theme (Homestuck)<br />Desynced - Temporal Guardian (Homestuck)<br />The Homestuck Fan Musicians - Midnight (Homestuck)<br />Midnight Crew - Liquid Negrocity (Yes)<br />Connor Spiotto - The Villain I Appear To Be (Swing)<br />The Doors - Riders On The Storm (Semi-Offsource){% endraw %}
