---
title: "Assure For Life NEW Opportunity EXPOSED 2021 | Rodney Walker | $315 Per Sale!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/tkjlKP8UVOQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "tkjlKP8UVOQ"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["Assure","Opportunity","EXPOSED"]
date: "2021-10-27T07:49:03+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-27T17:03:42Z"
duration: "PT14M59S"
viewcount: "1930"
likeCount: "94"
dislikeCount: "4"
channel: "The Official Rodney Keith Walker"
---
{% raw %}Assure For Life NEW Opportunity EXPOSED 2021 | Rodney Walker | $315 Per Sale!<br /><br />Here is the compensation plan information broken down for you in a quick video. If you came here to look up assure for life reviews , let me make it easy for you. This video is also good if you want to learn how to become an insurance agent or how to become a life insurance agent. <br /><br />Note: Assure For Life is not a life insurance company but great for life insurance and car insurance agents to be apart of. <br /><br />Assure For Life is a funeral financial assistance program that will pay for the funeral cost of yourself, family or friends that pass away. The cost of a funeral is thousands of dollars, but with Assure For Life, those cost are deceased. Our plan covers up to 7 people. The additional people on the plan can be a family member or friend under the age of 65 years old. As long as you are under the age of 65 when enrolling, you are still covered for the rest of your life as long as the bill is paid monthly. <br /><br />Depending upon where you live, your policy will cost $150.00 to get started or $225.00 . This customers 3 months of the monthly fee which is $50.00 or $75.00 . There is also a $20.00 activation fee. For only a few dollars per month, rest assure your friends and family have funeral services covered on 1 policy. When contacting me to get started, please have the names, date of birth, city and state of at least 2 people to add to your police under the age of 65. <br /><br />COMPENSATION &amp; INCOME<br /><br />At Assure For Life, you will experience one of the best compensation plans in the industry today. This business opportunity pays out Bi Weekly , with a direct deposit into your bank account. There are no chargebacks at Assure For Life which is a huge sales career bonus. If you are an experienced sales person looking for work, contact me. <br /><br />At Assure For Life, there is no requirement to have a license in order to sale. <br /><br />When you enroll a new customer into a policy, you will earn $210.00 - $315.00 per sale, depending on what state that customer lives in. It's that simple. Only 5 states pay $210.00, the other states pay $315.00 . As you grow with the company with more sales, you can earn far more than $315.00<br /><br />Becoming a Sales Associate for this company is a great way to earn money from home. This is the true definition of WIFI Money. How to make money from home and internet marketing is a hot topic these days. Rest assure you can earn many sales if you apply yourself. <br /><br />Note: You do not need to be licensed to sell Assure For Life. In my previous company MCA Motor Club of America, some customers who became sales agents had to be license but not in this company. <br /><br />Please Like &amp; Subscribe To Help This Channel Grow<br /><br />To enroll now, or if you have any more questions, please contact me. <br />I enroll all new policy holders by phone only or email. <br /><br />Contact Rodney Walker<br /><br />Phone: (407) 916-6300<br />Email: jobs2ceo@gmail.com<br />Instagram: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/coachrodneywalker">https://www.instagram.com/coachrodneywalker</a>{% endraw %}
