---
title: "Tarja \"Victim Of Ritual\" (Live At Woodstock) - \"Act II\" OUT NOW!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/GxDnhbGTJSs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "GxDnhbGTJSs"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["earmusic","live 2017","new album"]
date: "2021-11-18T16:22:06+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-07-13T09:00:33Z"
duration: "PT6M4S"
viewcount: "309608"
likeCount: "5583"
dislikeCount: "140"
channel: "earMUSIC"
---
{% raw %}&quot;Victim Of Ritual&quot; from the Mediabook version of &quot;Act II&quot;.<br />More info and pre-order here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://tarja-act2.com">https://tarja-act2.com</a><br />Stream the single: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://tarja.lnk.to/VictimOfRitual">https://tarja.lnk.to/VictimOfRitual</a><br />______________________<br />TARJA TO PREMIERE BRAND NEW SINGLE AND VIDEO <br />FROM HER UPCOMING LIVE-ART-ALBUM &amp; VIDEO “ACT II”. “VICTIM OF RITUAL” NOW AVAILABLE AS DOWNLOAD AND STREAM. <br /><br />Today, Tarja reveals the third single from her brand new live-art-album &amp; video “Act II”. The enchanting live version of “Victim Of Ritual” stems from the bombastic live performance at Woodstock, Poland. Having a capacity for 700,000 people, Woodstock remains one of the most iconic and gigantic festivals today. The powerful vibrations of thousands of fans coming together to celebrate their favourite musical heroes was perfectly captured during this very special Tarja performance. With its flow of range and variance “Victim of Ritual” once again shows why the singer is one of the most renowned Symphonic Metal artists. The song, originally from her worldwide chart success “Colours In The Dark”, gives a powerful taste of the forthcoming live release and can be found exclusively as bonus material on the mediabook of “Act II”.<br />++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++<br />“Act II”, the follow up to Tarja’s worldwide Top 10 chart success, combines two incredible, yet slightly different live performances on video:<br />The first chapter, “Metropolis Alive”, has been filmed two months prior to the release of Tarja’s 2016 success “The Shadow Self” in an intimate surrounding at renowned Metropolis Studios in London, UK. “Act II’s” second chapter has been recorded on November 29th, 2016 at the magnificent Teatro della Luna in Milan, Italy and includes numerous hits from all four Tarja albums.<br />Even though the shows deliberately differ in look, sound, approach to the music and adrenalin, both have one thing in common: from the very first to the very last tune, the state of the art production displays Tarja’s energetic performance and her graceful, charming presence. <br /><br />“Act II” is going to be released on July 27th, 2018 on earMUSIC as 2CD digipak, 3LP Gatefold (180g, black), 2DVD, Blu-ray, Limited Mediabook 2CD+2BD (incl. two full live shows filmed at Woodstock Festival in Poland and Hellfest in France as bonus) and Digital.<br />A wide variety of exclusive, limited fan items and bundles can be found on Tarja’s official web shop: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://tarja.tmstor.es">https://tarja.tmstor.es</a><br /><br />#tarjaturunen #nightwish #tarja{% endraw %}
