---
title: "STORE ASSISTANT Interview Questions & Answers!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ROk8-3kHtmo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ROk8-3kHtmo"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["STORE ASSISTANT Interview Questions & Answers","shop assistant interview questions","retail interview questions"]
date: "2021-10-15T18:01:15+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-06-22T18:09:32Z"
duration: "PT10M7S"
viewcount: "35332"
likeCount: "1007"
dislikeCount: "17"
channel: "CareerVidz"
---
{% raw %}22 STORE ASSISTANT Interview Questions &amp; Answers by Richard McMunn: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://passmyinterview.com/store-assistant-interview/">https://passmyinterview.com/store-assistant-interview/</a><br />#storeassistantinterview #storeassistantjobs #storeassistant<br />In this job interview tips presentation tutorial, Richard will cover:<br />1. A list of STORE ASSISTANT interview questions I recommend you prepare for;<br />2. Brilliant ANSWERS to help you PASS your Store Assistant interview;<br />3. The QUALITIES you MUST demonstrate during your interview to PASS;<br />4. Further resources to help you SUCCEED!<br /><br />THIS INTERVIEW TRAINING VIDEO IS SUITABLE FOR THE FOLLOWING JOBS:<br />Store Assistant Interview;<br />Sales Assistant Interview;<br />Supermarket Interview;<br />Aldi Interview;<br />Asda Interview;<br />Retail Assistant Interview;<br />Walmart Interview.<br />Sainsbury's Interview.<br /><br />22 STORE ASSISTANT INTERVIEW QUESTIONS &amp; ANSWERS<br />Q1. Tell me about yourself?<br />Q2. Why do you want to work for our company?<br />Q3. What can you bring to the role of a Store Assistant?  <br />Q4.  Tell me about a time you had to handle a dissatisfied customer?<br />Q5. What is more important, team or customer?<br />Q6. What does good customer service mean to you?<br />Q7. Tell me a time you experienced conflict with someone and how you resolved it?<br />Q8. Tell me a time when you went out of your way to help a customer?<br />Q9. What are your strengths and weaknesses?<br />Q10. We take pride in providing excellent customer service. How would you deal with a customer complaint whilst working as a Store Assistant?<br />Q11. Tell me a time when you manage lots of tasks all at once?<br />Q12. What skills and qualities do you have that will help you become a great Store Assistant?<br />Q13. Tell me a time when you dealt with a stressful situation?<br />Q14. What would you bring to our team?<br />Q15. Explain a situation you were in where you successfully dealt with a difficult or frustrated customer?<br />Q16. What would you do if you didn’t get on with someone within the store team?<br />Q17. Tell me a time when you worked with other people as part of a team?<br />Q18. We are looking for a Store Assistant who is flexible and adaptable. Tell me a time when you demonstrated flexibility at work?<br />Q19. Why do you want to leave your job?<br />Q20. Where do you see yourself in 5 years' time?<br />Q21. We are interviewing five other people for the job of Store Assistant – What makes you the standout candidate?<br />Q22. That’s the end of your Store Assistant job interview. Do you have questions for the panel?<br /><br />Connect with me on LinkedIn.com:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/richard-mcmunn-coach/">https://www.linkedin.com/in/richard-mcmunn-coach/</a><br /><br />Download my full set of 22 Store Assistant Interview Questions and Answers in PDF format!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://passmyinterview.com/store-assistant-interview/">https://passmyinterview.com/store-assistant-interview/</a>{% endraw %}
