---
title: "My Method \/ Checklist - 12 Basic Elements to Bear in Mind - Live Lesson (English subtitles)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/sF8fzrhN0Ys\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "sF8fzrhN0Ys"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Liszt","Brendel","schubert"]
date: "2021-11-20T09:03:04+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-01-04T19:56:16Z"
duration: "PT15M47S"
viewcount: "14140"
likeCount: "510"
dislikeCount: "5"
channel: "Aleksander Woronicki"
---
{% raw %}::::::::: ▼::::::: INDEX ::::::: ▼:::::::::<br />0:00 - 1/2. MY METHOD<br />0:46 - 2/2. CHECKLIST<br />1:49 - I. The “MAIN MOTOR” (from the shoulder to the wrist).<br />2:01 - 1. Shoulders activation.<br />► Recommended videos:<br />● Shoulders Activation 1 - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/7m9_fDr5XyI">https://youtu.be/7m9_fDr5XyI</a><br />● Shoulders Activation 2 - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/nzQqAG73r3w">https://youtu.be/nzQqAG73r3w</a><br />● Shoulders Activation 3 - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/2YYmUOrytls">https://youtu.be/2YYmUOrytls</a><br />2:17 - 2. Forearms in high position.<br />2:38 - The “breathing” of the hand.<br />2:55 - 3. Forearms in low position.<br />3:19 - Exercise A on the surface of the keyboard (without pressing the keys).<br />4:14 - Exercise B on the bottom of the keyboard (without releasing the keys).<br />4:43 - 4. Lateral circulation of the arms: ← →<br />5:15 - 5. Circulation of the arms forward: ↑↑<br />5:52 - 6. Resultant circulation of the arms: \ /<br />6:48 - II. “ACTUATORS” (from wrist to fingertips).<br />6:56 - You cannot play using your hands and fingers muscles only.<br />7:03 - But you can play these exercises with your fingers only.<br />7:21 - 7. Metacarpus activation:<br />7:34 - A. Flat knuckles - the fingers curve automatically;<br />7:46 - B. Knuckles in a high position - the fingers are stretched to the maximum;<br />7:49 - 8. Bend your fingertips (almost “scratch” the keys).<br />8:04 - C. Flat again, but we force the stretching of the fingers.<br />8:39 - Whenever possible, the first phalanx should be placed on the key entirely flat (Liszt) - see point 10 below.<br />8:49 - III. TRANSMISSION from HORIZONTAL to VERTICAL (creating sound).<br />8:54 - Assemble the MAIN MOTOR with the ACTUATORS.<br />9:04 - 9. It is the impulse from the shoulder that always starts the process of playing. That impulse makes the hand and fingers “catch” the keys - usually with the wrist moving from below which is the most efficient and comfortable. But we should keep a general direction of all the elements towards the piano (including the fingers that must be shot forward from the metacarpus to the keyboard).<br />10:08 - When the whole mechanism is well set and synchronized, I have the impression that ALL the muscles are completely relaxed.<br />10:16 - But this is a FALSE IMPRESSION - there are plenty of working muscles!<br />10:52 - Large movements for demonstration.<br />11:31 - Like Alfred Brendel when playing Schubert - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/0WDQL_X7Euk#t=5m38s">https://youtu.be/0WDQL_X7Euk#t=5m38s</a><br />11:40 - This is the most efficient way of playing.<br />11:43 - 10. Whenever possible, the first phalanx should be placed on the key entirely flat (Liszt).<br />12:07 - 11. Never forget to relax the neck!<br />12:49 - Moving your head back helps to push away your upper body from the keyboard.<br />13:08 - I feel the contact between my back (and even between the feet) and the hammer striking the string.<br />13:37 - The key’s depth is about 1 cm. Divided between 6 joints, it makes about 1,5 mm per joint. It’s almost nothing - you don’t feel it while playing.<br />14:04 - Small head vertical shaking (vibrations).<br />14:13 - 12. All these movements must be very fluid.<br />14:20 - As told before, all the parts of the Motor Apparatus should work SIMULTANEOUSLY and HARMONIOUSLY, without exception.<br />4:32 - The 12 points above form a chain. Any technical problem means that some link in this chain is braked or blocked.<br />14:44 - So you can look for a solution point by point, but always starting from the SHOULDER and the NECK.{% endraw %}
