---
title: "Wrath of the Titans — How to Build a Fantastic Sequel | Film Perfection"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Tvhe9QP47FE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Tvhe9QP47FE"
categories: "Film-Animation"
tags: ["wrath of the titans","clash of the titans","titans 3"]
date: "2021-09-19T15:05:39+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-15T18:00:13Z"
duration: "PT18M15S"
viewcount: "189578"
likeCount: "12373"
dislikeCount: "96"
channel: "Filmento"
---
{% raw %}Get 20% off at Manscaped with free international shipping and two extra gifts with code FILMENTO: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://mnscpd.com/Filmento">http://mnscpd.com/Filmento</a><br /><br />Despite 2010's Clash of the Titans being a pretty bad movie, not far from the likes of Gods of Egypt, it made enough money at the box office to warrant a sequel -- 2012's Wrath of the Titans. And it was mostly the same movie so the result was quite the same -- Kronos instead of Kraken, the Minotaur instead of Medusa etc. But while the movie still didn't get much better reviews, it did some great things as a sequel, improving on the original in a few key ways. So in today's Film Perfection, let's contrast Wrath against Clash to identify a few core positive sequel qualities that all sequels should learn from.<br /><br />#FilmPerfection #WrathOfTheTitans<br /><br />Music:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/26s7Icj0RcE">https://youtu.be/26s7Icj0RcE</a><br /><br />-<br />Wrath of the Titans (2012)<br />A decade after his heroic defeat of the monstrous Kraken, Perseus—the demigod son of Zeus—is attempting to live a quieter life as a village fisherman and the sole parent to his 10-year old son, Helius. Meanwhile, a struggle for supremacy rages between the gods and the Titans. Dangerously weakened by humanity's lack of devotion, the gods are losing control of the imprisoned Titans and their ferocious leader, Kronos, father of the long-ruling brothers Zeus, Hades and Poseidon. The triumvirate had overthrown their powerful father long ago, leaving him to rot in the gloomy abyss of Tartarus, a dungeon that lies deep within the cavernous underworld. Perseus cannot ignore his true calling when Hades, along with Zeus' godly son, Ares (Edgar Ramírez), switch loyalty and make a deal with Kronos to capture Zeus. wrath of the titans watch full movie online free hd clip 4k kronos kraken Gods of egypt a guide to building the ultimate trash studio movie artemis fowl bad movie box office flop worst movies everything wrong with wrath of the titans honest trailer biggest flops movie The Titans' strength grows stronger as Zeus' remaining godly powers are siphoned, and hell is unleashed on earth. Enlisting the help of the warrior Queen Andromeda (Rosamund Pike), Poseidon's demigod son, Argenor (Toby Kebbell), and fallen god Hephaestus (Bill Nighy), Perseus bravely embarks on a treacherous quest into the underworld to rescue Zeus, overthrow the Titans and save mankind.<br />-<br />Clash of the Titans (2010)<br />The 1981 mythological fantasy adventure Clash of the Titans is resurrected in this remake from Incredible Hulk director Louis Leterrier. Discovered at sea as an infant by a weary fisherman, demigod Perseus (Sam Worthington) grows up with no real knowledge of his celestial origins until his watchful guardian, Io (Gemma Arterton), informs him that he is the offspring of Zeus (Liam Neeson). When Zeus' brother Hades (Ralph Fiennes) casually wipes out Perseus' family, the grieving son vows to show the gods just what kind of damage humankind can inflict on its creators. Before long, Perseus and a small group of soldiers are venturing out into the desert in order to find a way to stop the Kraken, a terrifying force of nature that an indignant Hades has vowed to unleash upon man should they fail to offer up beloved princess Andromeda (Alexa Davalos) as a sacrifice. Along the way, the soldiers encounter a trio of frightening witches with second sight, contend with Hades' devoted servant Calibos (Jason Flemyng), battle giant scorpions, and come face to face with Medusa (Natalia Vodianova), the dreaded gorgon whose gaze has the power to turn men into stone.{% endraw %}
