---
title: "Lightning strikes from the sky directly into the crater of the volcano, ash ejection has increased"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Ey8ezPCA1IE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Ey8ezPCA1IE"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["When the earth is angry","weather events","natural disaster"]
date: "2021-11-05T17:54:29+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-04T15:15:01Z"
duration: "PT3M43S"
viewcount: "178422"
likeCount: "3075"
dislikeCount: "116"
channel: "When The Earth Is Angry"
---
{% raw %}Overview of weather and natural events in the World.<br />What is happening in this world: natural disasters on the planet of Earth.<br />The latest news about weather events and disasters. The climate is changing rapidly, which inevitably leads to global warming.<br /><br />After a couple of days of calm, the eruption of the Cumbre Vieja volcano on the island of La Palma intensified over the previous day. Photos and videos began to appear on social networks in which lightning strikes the crater of the volcano. This is due to the increased ejection of volcanic ash and the friction of ash particles against each other.<br />Over the past day, the intensity of ash emission has increased significantly. This is especially true on the western and northwestern sides of the island. In addition, the ejection of lava has increased. The lava flow advancing southward threatens to cut one of the island's most important routes.<br />During the day, about 100 earthquakes were recorded on the island, the strongest of which reached a magnitude of 4.9.<br />The headquarters recommended that people close the windows and turn off the ventilation and not leave the house without special need. If you need to go outside, you need to use a mask or respirator, preferably the use of protective glasses.<br /><br />The channel presents such weather events and natural disasters as:<br /><br />1. Water: rain, hail, snowfall, flood, mudflow, tsunami, high tide, heavy rainfall, snow, huge waves, river flooding, dam overflow, ice flood, snowfall.<br />2. Fire: fire, forest fire, volcanic lava, lightning.<br />3. Earth: earthquake, landslide, rockfall, sinkhole.<br />4. Air: tornado, hurricane, wind, cyclone, storm, typhoon, sandstorm, tropical storm.<br />5. Space: lunar eclipse, solar eclipse, planetary parade, asteroid, comet, planet, satellite, meteorite, UFO, fireball in the sky, space debris, full moon, ISS, space exploration, Space X, NASA.<br />6. Nature: animals, insects, plants, climatic zones, natural events and phenomena.<br /><br />Subscribe to the channel &quot;When the Earth is Angry&quot;: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp2Ld1eSnZjiWbOd4sQOp6Q/">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp2Ld1eSnZjiWbOd4sQOp6Q/</a><br /><br />ATTENTION: All videos are taken from public sources. The selection is carried out by date of publication, title, description and place of the event. Sometimes, due to unfair posting of news on social networks, the video may contain frames that do not correspond to the date and place. It is not always possible to check all videos. We apologize for possible mistakes!<br /><br />#CumbreVieja<br />#LaPalma<br />#Volcano<br />#Eruption<br />#VolcanoEruption<br />#ExtremeWeather<br />#GlobalWarming<br />#NaturalDisasters<br />#ClimateChange{% endraw %}
