---
title: "Jordan Peterson - Men Who Are Nihilistic And Arrogant"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/tBA1MDmfkoY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "tBA1MDmfkoY"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Jordan Peterson","Psychology","Educational"]
date: "2021-11-24T03:19:16+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-09-23T12:00:03Z"
duration: "PT8M57S"
viewcount: "315101"
likeCount: "5828"
dislikeCount: "238"
channel: "Clash of Ideas"
---
{% raw %}Jordan Peterson Merch <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://teespring.com/stores/jordan-peterson-merch">https://teespring.com/stores/jordan-peterson-merch</a><br />Best Seller <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/2KEFwbl">https://bit.ly/2KEFwbl</a><br /><br />Professor of psychology Dr. Jordan B Peterson talks about Dostoevsky's notes from underground.<br /><br />Full Video: 2017 Personality 11: Existentialism: Nietzsche Dostoevsky &amp; Kierkegaard<br /><br />Jordan Bernt Peterson is a Canadian clinical psychologist, cultural critic, and professor of psychology at the University of Toronto. His main areas of study are the psychology of religious and ideological belief, and the assessment and improvement of personality and performance.<br />He earned a degree in political science in 1982 and a degree in psychology in 1984, both from the University of Alberta, and his Ph.D. in clinical psychology from McGill University in 1991. He remained at McGill as a post-doctoral fellow for two years before moving to Massachusetts, where he worked as an assistant and an associate professor in the psychology department at Harvard University. In 1997, he moved to the University of Toronto as a full professor.<br /><br />Dr. Jordan B Peterson has been a dishwasher, gas jockey, bartender, short-order cook, beekeeper, oil derrick bit re-tipper, plywood mill labourer and railway line worker. He’s taught mythology to lawyers, doctors and businessmen, consulted for the UN Secretary General’s High Level Panel on Sustainable Development, helped his clinical clients manage depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, anxiety, and schizophrenia, served as an advisor to senior partners of major Canadian law firms, identified thousands of promising entrepreneurs on six different continents, and lectured extensively in North America and Europe.<br /><br />He has flown a hammer-head roll in a carbon-fiber stunt plane, piloted a mahogany racing sailboat around Alcatraz Island, explored an Arizona meteorite crater with a group of astronauts, built a Native American Long-House on the upper floor of his Toronto home, and been inducted into the coastal Pacific Kwakwaka’wakw tribe.<br /><br />With his students and colleagues, Dr. Peterson has published more than a hundred scientific papers, transforming the modern understanding of personality, and revolutionized the psychology of religion with his now-classic book, Maps of Meaning: The Architecture of Belief. As a Harvard professor, he was nominated for the prestigious Levinson Teaching Prize, and is regarded by his current University of Toronto students as one of three truly life-changing teachers.<br /><br />Support Jordan B Peterson Here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/jordanbpeterson">https://www.patreon.com/jordanbpeterson</a>{% endraw %}
