---
title: "Spike protein inside nucleus enhancing DNA damage? - COVID-19 mRNA vaccines update 18"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/4Unt03UBhbU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "4Unt03UBhbU"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["mrna vaccine side effect","pro vaccine","COVID vaccine efficacy"]
date: "2021-11-14T13:01:43+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-12T20:05:49Z"
duration: "PT12M18S"
viewcount: "387150"
likeCount: "20335"
dislikeCount: "402"
channel: "Merogenomics"
---
{% raw %}This video discusses new surprise discovery (yet to be confirmed by other scientists) that SARS-CoV-2 full length spike protein can enter human cell nuclei and interfere with fixing of broken DNA damage. Authors of the study propose this might have been evolved in order to prevent genetic recombination required to produce antibody variety to successfully attack the virus. If true, and if this could have important implications for potential negative health outcomes and might require reconfiguration of vaccine design.<br /><br />Discussed content: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.mdpi.com/1999-4915/13/10/2056">https://www.mdpi.com/1999-4915/13/10/2056</a><br /><br />Thank you for the support and comments. It will take loooooong time to get through these so please be patient!<br /><br />Credentials requested by some: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://merogenomics.ca/en/about/">https://merogenomics.ca/en/about/</a><br /><br />Thank you for these notes made by a kind and awesome supporter:<br />00:00 Dr Mikolaj Raszek, Phd from Merogenomics <br />00:09 The latest widest news in Molecular Microbiology<br />00:33 WHO? Swedish research shows spike protein enters nucleus in human cells (in vitro)<br />00:57 this is of course, biologically verboten (*German for STRICTLY FORBIDDEN) <br />01:04 WHAT? *Discovery* Spike protein inhibits proper fixing of broken DNA<br />01:18 Specifics: double stranded breaks where both strands are broken<br />01:33 HOW? *Mechanism 1* suspected interference with BRCA1 gene product’s ability to repair DNA<br />01:48 Consequence: if BRCA1 is mutated though, then you have highest predisposition for Cancer development precisely because BRCA1 gene codes for proteins that fix DNA damage when sheared in half<br />02:14 Significance: Consequences are so great if true that it should be double checked, verified and reinvestigated<br />2:42 Call for a lot more studies: Revalidation<br />2:51 HOW? *Mechanism 2* Spike also interferes with mysterious nuclear protein 53BP1 which may serve to prevent DNA breaks from re-ligating to other DNA sources ensuring 2 chromosomes don’t link together that aren’t supposed to. <br />4:21 HOW? *Mechanism 3* Perhaps spike in Nuclei interferes with Immune cells’ mechanisms (eg.BRCA1 and 53BP1) and diversity of response to infections. <br />4:42 *TAKEAWAY* What if Spike protein evolved as a mutagen for DNA – what would implications be for a vaccine that’s primary focus was to produce Spike? <br />5:32 CONTEXT: Recent discovery that Spikes may circulate for months on end in Exosomes to different parts of the body and in theory enter cells well after the point of vaccination as COVID-19 mRNA vaccines update 16 discussed<br />06:15 CONTEXT: DNA gets 70k lesions/day /cell! But only 25 are double stranded shearing damages<br />07:25 IMPLICATIONS: So within this context, what are the chances circulating spike proteins could enter and damage DNA and predispose to cancer? In cancer, it takes months for damage to accumulate and cause symptoms. Therefore…<br />7:45 IMPLICATION: *Vaccine Safety* Are vaccines “SAFE”? What is vaccine “Safety”? Only Time can/will tell.<br />8:07 IMPLICATION: Yes, Vaccines don’t produce dangerous clinical symptoms in the first few months BUT we don’t know what they do in very long-term basis so can we call them safe? <br />8:34 HOW? *Mechanism 4*  Vaccines use FULL length of spike protein thus  produces whole protein in body.  Prior to vaccinations some scientists mentioned that FULL protein length of Spike protein was dangerous<br />9:16 IMPLICATION: *Antibody Dependent Enhancement or ADE* could occur with use of full length of Spike protein<br />10:27: AUTHORS’ RECOMMENDATION: Not to use full length of spike protein but only the Receptor Binding Domain or RBD portion for vaccines<br />10:41 Explanation: RBD <br />11:29: *TAKE AWAY* *Vaccine Safety* This shows how Vaccines are still uncharacterized on what they might be doing at the molecular level once injected in us. <br />11:52 Spike protein also uncharacterized post-infection (but learning lots now).<br />12:00 LIKE AND SUBSCRIBE and please *SHARE*{% endraw %}
