---
title: "Old Hollywood Stars Who Had Affairs While Filming Together"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/1LDKcwCmsT8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "1LDKcwCmsT8"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Old Hollywood Stars Who Had Affairs While Filming Together","celebrities Who Had an affair While Filming Together","old hollywood"]
date: "2021-10-18T14:03:16+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-17T23:00:00Z"
duration: "PT8M5S"
viewcount: "7195"
likeCount: "489"
dislikeCount: "5"
channel: "Facts Verse"
---
{% raw %}Old Hollywood stars had to work hard to retain a good reputation, otherwise, they could get in a lot of trouble. Any new scandals surrounding a popular celebrity would reflect badly on whatever films or television shows they were in and would result in a poor reputation for Hollywood in general. Celebrities had to work hard to keep secrets like homosexuality, drug use, and affairs tightly under wraps.<br /><br />▬Contents of this video▬<br />00:00 - Intro<br />01:29 - 1. Marlon Brando and Rita Moreno<br />02:16 - 2. Frank Sinatra and Ava Gardner<br />03:06 - 3. Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton<br />03:56 - 4. Joan Crawford and Clark Gable<br />04:43 - 5. Katharine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy<br />05:17 - 6. Lauren Bacall and Humphrey Bogart<br />05:49 - 7. Greta Garbo and Mercedes de Acosta<br />06:13 - 8. Clark Gable and Loretta Young<br />06:57 - Outro<br /><br />Like this content? Subscribe here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/factsverse?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/factsverse?sub_confirmation=1</a> <br /><br />Or, watch more videos here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkXAntdjbcSKgHx6EQVOwNKVz1cR2hKV">https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkXAntdjbcSKgHx6EQVOwNKVz1cR2hKV</a><br /><br />Do you think you know a lot about TV? Try our quiz and enter to win $500!<br />Click below to check the trivia question<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3rEeMxk">https://bit.ly/3rEeMxk</a>  <br /><br />Of course, ever in search of sensational news, tabloid journalists and paparazzi worked equally hard to divulge the deepest secrets of their favorite celebrities. While there are certainly a lot of secrets we’ll never know about old Hollywood stars, many other scandals eventually got out, and those celebrities ultimately had to deal with the backlash.<br /><br />One of the most common scandals that always made headlines at the time were affairs. Most celebrities were young, handsome, and famous, and were known for having a string of passionate lovers. Even today, affairs are pretty common, but they were considered a lot more scandalous back then. Fans were often shocked and horrified to learn that their favorite celebrity had cheated on their spouse, but the truth is, this sort of thing happened all the time.<br /><br />In fact, broken relationships and marriages are even more common amongst actors. A lot of people imagine that dating or marrying someone in the same career as you would be gratifying, but this isn’t exactly the case for actors. Celebrity actors work grueling hours, and often spend months in other states or even other countries for filming. Unless two actors in a couple are cast in the same film, they usually don’t get to spend much time with one another, making it difficult to maintain a strong relationship.<br /><br />Of course, this has historically led to actors seeking relationships with whoever they see most often, which usually ends up being fellow actors on the set of whatever film or television show they’re working for.<br /><br />In today’s video, we’re going to take a look at celebrities who had affairs with their co-stars, and the scandals that ensued. Make sure you stick around because we’re also going to reveal how the passionate affair between Marlon Brando and Rita Moreno led to one of them nearly committing suicide! We hope you like this video, and don’t forget to subscribe to Facts Verse for more!<br /><br />Old Hollywood Stars Who Had Affairs While Filming Together{% endraw %}
