---
title: "All Samsung Galaxy A Series Phones Evolution 2014-2021"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/sj1IHA7q_Xk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "sj1IHA7q_Xk"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["samsung","samsung galaxy a series all phone","samsung galaxy a series all mobile"]
date: "2021-10-27T00:44:41+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-03-19T14:45:16Z"
duration: "PT12M41S"
viewcount: "564506"
likeCount: "9986"
dislikeCount: "435"
channel: "IN TECH"
---
{% raw %}Evolution of all Phones Samsung Galaxy A Series 2014 to 2021. History Samsung smartphones Samsung Galaxy Alpha to Samsung Galaxy A72.<br /><br />🔥 Create Binance Account - Start trading now - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/38HieAe">https://bit.ly/38HieAe</a> 🔥 <br /><br />Samsung launched its own Galaxy A line in 2014, with a focus on providing users with affordable devices with good value for money to compete with the best Chinese brands. There are many different smartphones in this line now, from Samsung Galaxy Alpha 2014 to Samsung Galaxy A72 2021.<br /><br />Samsung is one of the leaders in the global electronics market. Its main advantage is constant improvement of branded products, search and implementation of new solutions, strict quality control. The company closely follows global trends - each generation of phones combines innovation and high functionality.<br />All Samsung Galaxy A Series models look impressive and expensive. They are ergonomic and comfortable to use. Even inexpensive smartphones are equipped with high-quality matrices, and flagships are equipped with Dynamic Amoled screens.<br />The smartphone will become your faithful assistant, which will reliably hide data from strangers, remind you of important matters, help pay for purchases, or even allow you to manage all the appliances in the house. You just need to find out about the capabilities of the selected model.<br /><br />As you can see, Samsung Galaxy A smartphones are presented in a fairly wide price range and with different characteristics. The manufacturer tried to take into account the budget of most potential buyers, in order to find something to their taste, both those who want to keep within a small budget and those who need cool features could find.<br /><br />Don't forget to tell us in the comments what you think of the Samsung Galaxy A Series and if you are using a Samsung.<br /><br />🎵 Track Info:<br />Speed Energy by WinnieTheMoog<br />Link: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://filmmusic.io/song/5879-speed-energy">https://filmmusic.io/song/5879-speed-energy</a><br />License: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://filmmusic.io/standard-license">https://filmmusic.io/standard-license</a><br /><br />© All videos on our channel are original content created by me personally, based on extensive research and selection of data to provide you with the most accurate and detailed information. We do not allow you to use our content without our permission. All the best and see you in the next videos!<br /><br />#SamsungGalaxyA #GalaxyAPhones #GalaxyAseries{% endraw %}
