---
title: "LED Lights | Flashing Lights | Disco Lights | Party Lights [10 Hours]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Tks2MmVjuac\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Tks2MmVjuac"
categories: "Film-Animation"
tags: ["led lights","led lights 10 hours","flashing lights"]
date: "2021-09-26T22:55:19+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-02-14T00:05:43Z"
duration: "PT10H"
viewcount: "17178414"
likeCount: "66429"
dislikeCount: "4649"
channel: "The Art of LED Lights"
---
{% raw %}Flashing LED Lights - 10 hours of flashing lights. Turn your screen into disco lights and party lights. These colorful lights will make your party a hit. 🙏 Thank you for every like, comment and subscription.<br /><br />Creating this video took me a lot of time and effort. Please do not upload a copy of this video.<br /><br />▶️ More information about this video:<br />These RGB LED lights flash in 6 colors: red, blue, green, magenta, yellow and cyan (flashing colors). These colors are the primary and secondary colors of the RGB color model. <br />Did you know that multi-color LED lights actually only consist of three colors? The primary colors of light are red, green and blue. Every other color is created by additive mixing of the three primary colors. <br />The secondary colors result from the additive mixture of two primary colors in full intensity. There are three secondary colors of light: Magenta, yellow and cyan. Magenta is generated by adding red and blue, yellow is generated by adding red and green, cyan is generated by adding blue and green.<br />The RGB color model is used to define all colors. The name of the model comes from the initials of the three primary colors. A color in the RGB color model is described by indicating how much of each of the red, green and blue is included.<br />Televisions, computers and cell phones also use the RGB color model to display every pixel on the screen in the correct color.<br /><br />🎵 The flashing speed of the colors in this video is optimized for songs with 120-130 beats per minute (at standard playback speed). <br /><br />⚙️ Speed up or slow down the playback speed as you like in the toolbar. <br /><br />😀 There are 2 hidden &quot;Easter eggs&quot; in this video. If you find them: Write the correct time postion in the comments.<br /><br />I hope you will have many great parties with these flashing LED lights. <br /><br />RGB color codes of the main colors in this video:<br />- Red (255, 0, 0)<br />- Blue (0, 0, 255)<br />- Green (0, 255, 0)<br />- Magenta (255, 0, 255)<br />- Yellow (255, 255, 0)<br />- Cyan (0, 255, 255)<br /><br />#ledlights #discolights #partylights{% endraw %}
