---
title: "PAPAJI - Emptiness cannot be broken (Birthday 2021)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/GB7hk244mcI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "GB7hk244mcI"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Papaji","HWL Poonja","Advaita Vedanta"]
date: "2021-10-14T00:26:41+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-13T07:00:10Z"
duration: "PT1H51S"
viewcount: "2944"
likeCount: "283"
dislikeCount: "2"
channel: "H.W.L. Poonja - Papaji"
---
{% raw %}This compilation has been put together on the occasion of Papaji's 111th birthday, October 13th, 2021.<br /><br />The video starts with a discourse (Om Shanti) from the 18th of September 1992, titled: 'The desires are dancing'. ​&quot;This universe is only the dance of desires. This dance, everlasting dance, depends upon ignorance. When this sun of Vichar will rise in your mind there ends this drama immediately. Otherwise, it cannot end.&quot; <br />Papaji tells the story of an heirless king who invites his subjects to court to interview them and chose a new prince, but on their way to see the king everyone gets lost in the luxuries of the court. &quot;We came here to interview the king and sit on the throne, but we got lost, collecting things, making mansions, palaces. And when the gates will be closed we will not be able to carry anything with us.&quot; <br />Papaji speaks about Alexander the Great who, despite having conquered so much at such a young age, he had to leave this world empty-handed. &quot;Only one thing will help you to be happy, to check this vasana, check this desire for enjoyment. If you don't give rise to desire, you will have utmost peace, love, and beauty.&quot;<br /><br />The compilation continues with some rare and intimate footage from Haridwar in 1991. <br />Papaji instructs his devotees to not meditate and to ’Just Be’ and speaks about the witness. “Just be means Self, being the Self. The Self is the only witness of what is going on in the whole universes. That's called the Atman.”<br />Speaking about the difference between emptiness and fullness, “Nothing ever existed in the emptiness. We are dreaming about our own concepts, unfulfilled desires, relationships, and this is a dream. This is not reality. When you say nothing there's a concept of someone,<br />something, then only we can say nothing, nothingness. When we say darkness, there's a concept of light. All this, all are trances in duality. If you do away with duality that is called emptiness, or fullness.” <br /><br />The video ends with a beautiful song sang by Indian devotees’ Tum Meri Rākho Lāja Hari’ by Sura Dasa.<br /><br />This is the official YouTube channel of H.W.L. Poonja, well known as Papaji, run by the Avadhuta Foundation, a non-profit organization supported by donations and grants. To donate (thank you) to help this channel continue and keep all content accessible for everyone, visit <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://avadhuta.com/donate">https://avadhuta.com/donate</a><br /><br />To learn more about Papaji and his teachings, visit <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://avadhuta.com">http://avadhuta.com</a><br />To buy physical copies in India of Papaji videos, books, and audio CDs, see <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://satsangbhavan.net">http://satsangbhavan.net</a>{% endraw %}
