---
title: "Donovanosis Why This Is Called A ‘Flesh Eating’ Sexually Transmitted"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/w1OKXYNbOBw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "w1OKXYNbOBw"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["donovanosis","eating","flesh"]
date: "2021-10-27T05:36:16+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-25T05:05:35Z"
duration: "PT1M36S"
viewcount: "957"
likeCount: "6"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Business News"
---
{% raw %}Typically, you want to keep anything labeled as “flesh-eating” as far away from your genitals as possible. That’s true whether you are dealing with flesh-eating piranhas, flesh-eating politicians, flesh-eating underwear, or the “flesh-eating” sexually transmitted infection (STI) known as donovanosis. The word “donovanosis” may look like an oasis created by Donovan. But instead donovanosis is caused by a bacteria named Klebsiella granulomatis that can progressively destroy your genital tissue. Do we have your attention yet? Well, donovanosis, otherwise known as granuloma inguinale, has been getting some attention in the U. K. of late. That’s because Robbie Purves writing for Birmingham Live quoted a doctor from London as saying, “Figures suggest that donovanosis - which was previously thought to be restricted to places including India, Brazil and New Guinea - is becoming more common on these shores.” Now “more common” is a subjective and relative term. If you got smacked in the face with some broccoli last Thursday, you could say that broccoli attacks were more common last week than prior weeks. A look at data from Public Health England shows that there were 30 reported cases of donovanosis in the U. K. in 2019. That was higher than the 19 in 2016, the 26 in 2017, and the 21 in 2018. Last year, in 2020, the number of cases did dip to 18. But presumably during the Covid-19 pandemic, people weren’t sharing their genitals with each other quite as much. Of course, the Public Health England numbers don’t suggest that donovanosis is spreading like wildfire in the U. K. The disease is still relatively rare over there and in the U. S., certainly less common than it is in particular tropical areas, such as India, Guyana, New Guinea, central Australia, and southern Africa, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). In fact, it’s so uncommon that three years ago a single case of a women in Southport, U. K., getting donovanosis made headlines, which I covered for Forbes at the time. So you may not have to put “hide from flesh-eating STI” on your list of main things to do today along with things such as “take out trash” and “purchase croissants.”It is, though, yet another reason to practice safe sex. Since it is considered an STI, you typically have to have sex to get donovanosis. The New South Wales government does say that a small proportion of cases have occurred through skin-to-skin nonsexual contact. But usually it’s transmitted via having vaginal, anal, or possibly oral sex with someone infected with Klebsiella granulomatis. This bacteria was formerly known as Calymmatobacterium granulomatis. So it shouldn’t be comforting for someone to tell you after sex that he or she was infected with Calymmatobacterium granulomatis rather than Klebsiella granulomatis. After you get infected, symptoms tend to appear one to 12 weeks later.<br /><br /><br />All data is taken from the source: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://forbes.com">http://forbes.com</a><br />Article Link: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.forbes.com/sites/brucelee/2021/10/24/donovanosis-why-this-is-called-a-flesh-eating-sexually-transmitted-infection/">https://www.forbes.com/sites/brucelee/2021/10/24/donovanosis-why-this-is-called-a-flesh-eating-sexually-transmitted-infection/</a><br /><br /><br />#donovanosis #newsmax #kingworldnews #newsworldwide #newstodayupdate #bbcnewstoday #{% endraw %}
