---
title: "Lives of the Most Eminent Painters, Sculptors and Architects Vol 1 | Giorgio Vasari | English | 4\/5"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/TIL-_PMNeYY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "TIL-_PMNeYY"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["audiobook in english short","best audiobook in english","famous audiobook in english"]
date: "2021-10-22T02:49:21+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-09-26T13:13:40Z"
duration: "PT1H33M4S"
viewcount: "7"
likeCount: "0"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Priceless Audiobooks"
---
{% raw %}My Linktree: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://linktr.ee/audiobiblion">https://linktr.ee/audiobiblion</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/Audiobooks_HermanMelville">https://bit.ly/Audiobooks_HermanMelville</a><br />Herman Melville (01/08/1819-28/91891), 8,606 works in 25,508 publications in 60 languages and 542,324 library holdings.<br />Most widely held works by Herman Melville<br />Most widely held works by Herman Melville<br />Moby Dick by Herman Melville( Book )<br />3,563 editions published between 1850 and 2022 in 55 languages and held by 41,781 libraries worldwide<br />A classic of the sea, telling of the pursuit of Moby Dick, the white whale who defied capture<br />Typee, a peep at Polynesian life by Herman Melville( file )<br />630 editions published between 1846 and 2020 in 22 languages and held by 10,231 libraries worldwide<br />The young hero jumps ship with a mate and spends four months with the islanders known as Typee - the 'eaters of men.'<br />The confidence-man: his masquerade by Herman Melville( Book )<br />280 editions published between 1857 and 2020 in 7 languages and held by 7,329 libraries worldwide<br />Savage irony and black humor as Melville's Confidence-Man strips away the hypocritical pretenses of fellow passengers on a Mississippi steamboat. Originally published 1857<br />Israel Potter: his fifty years of exile by Herman Melville( file )<br />213 editions published between 1855 and 2020 in 8 languages and held by 5,195 libraries worldwide<br />Contains the complete text of the Herman Melville novel, &quot;Israel Potter--His Fifty Years of Exile&quot; and includes a detailed account of the composition, publication, and critical history of the book<br />Moby Dick by Herman Melville( Sound Recording )<br />394 editions published between 1949 and 2020 in 12 languages and held by 4,896 libraries worldwide<br />Captain Ahab maniacally hunts the tremendous white whale across the seven oceans<br />Billy Budd by Herman Melville( file )<br />282 editions published between 1891 and 2020 in 17 languages and held by 4,596 libraries worldwide<br />The complete text of the novel and of the unpublished short story Billy Budd, Sailor<br />Mardi and a voyage thither by Herman Melville( Book )<br />215 editions published between 1849 and 2020 in 6 languages and held by 3,488 libraries worldwide<br />Presented as narratives of his own South Sea experiences, Melville's first two books had roused incredulity in many readers. Their disbelief, he declared, had been &quot;the main inducement&quot; in altering his plan for his third book, Mardi: and a Voyage Thither (1849). Melville wanted to exploit the &quot;rich poetical material&quot; of Polynesia and also to escape feeling &quot;irked, cramped, &amp; fettered&quot; by a narrative of facts. &quot;I began to feel . . . a longing to plume my pinions for a flight,&quot; he told his English publisher. This scholarly edition aims to present a text as close to the author's intention as surviving evidence permits. Based on collations of all editions publishing during Melville's lifetime, it incorporates author corrections and many emendations made by the present editors. This edition of Mardi is an Approved Text of the Center for Editions of American Authors (Modern Language Association of America). -- Amazon.com<br />Benito Cereno by Herman Melville( file )<br />259 editions published between 1856 and 2021 in 15 languages and held by 3,346 libraries worldwide<br />A harrowing tale of slavery and revolt aboard a Spanish ship<br />Typee: a peep at Polynesian life; Omoo: a narrative of adventures in the South Seas; Mardi, and a voyage thither by Herman Melville( Book )<br />33 editions published between 1982 and 2009 in English and held by 3,239 libraries worldwide<br />Typee is a fast-moving adventure tale, an autobiographical account of the author's Polynesian stay, an examination of the nature of good and evil, and a frank exploration of sensuality and exotic ritual<br />White-jacket: or, The world in a man-of-war by Herman Melville( file )<br />72 editions published between 1850 and 2017 in English and held by 3,142 libraries worldwide<br />Herman Melville wrote White-Jacket; or, The World in a Man-of-War, during two months of intense work in the summer of 1849. He drew upon his memories of naval life, having spent fourteen months as an ordinary seaman aboard a frigate as it sailed the Pacific and made the homeward voyage around Cape Horn. Already that same summer, Melville had written Redburn, and he regarded the books as &quot;two jobs, which I have done for money--being forced to it, as other men are to sawing wood.&quot; The reviewers were not as hard on White-Jacket as Melville himself was. The English liked its praise of British seamen. The Americans were more interested in Melville's attack on naval abuses, particularly flogging, and his advocacy of humanitarian causes. Soon Melville was acclaimed the best sea writer of the day. Part autobiography, part epic fiction, White-Jacket remains a brilliantly imaginative social novel by one of the great writers of the sea. This text of the story is an Approved Text of the Center for Editions of American Authors (Modern Language Association of America).{% endraw %}
