---
title: "I AM FINE"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/AQIiMS9ubx0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "AQIiMS9ubx0"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["the european","beach walk","youtube channel"]
date: "2021-11-23T00:21:25+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-20T17:12:51Z"
duration: "PT3M25S"
viewcount: "5011"
likeCount: "1190"
dislikeCount: "11"
channel: "THE EUROPEAN"
---
{% raw %}Hello my dear viewers and subscribers! I haven't made videos for about 2 months now and many of you haven been worried about me. I uploaded this short video to tell you I am fine. Thank you so much for all your kind messages and support, and my sincere apologies for not making videos!<br /><br />Many of you thought I was kicked from Youtube for being critical towards the American administration. No, that is not the case. I have talked to the people from Youtube and they have guaranteed me multiple times that they are fine with my content. None of my videos has been removed and I have never received any warning from Youtube whatsoever. Youtube has told me multiple times that my channel is in good standing.<br /><br />Yet, my view-count and subscriber-count keep falling every day. So I am trying to find a new approach for my Youtube channel. I have been making political videos for many months now, while I basically don't like politics at all. As have announced earlier I wish to rebrand my channel away from a strictly politically critical content towards a more diverse set of topics like science, movies and travel.<br /><br />I hope you will stick with me and that you will enjoy my future videos. Again I apologize for not making videos for such a long time! And thanks again for your support, I really appreciate it!<br /><br />The European{% endraw %}
