---
title: "WHEN EVERYONE will discover this recipe, the meat in the stores will be OUT OF STOCK. minced meat"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/RG7BViBLscc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "RG7BViBLscc"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Alex Cooks Everyday","meat","cooking"]
date: "2021-09-27T10:04:46+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-25T17:00:27Z"
duration: "PT4M19S"
viewcount: "4328"
likeCount: "142"
dislikeCount: "1"
channel: "Alex Cooks Everyday"
---
{% raw %}Cook this delicious Minced Meat Recipe and you will see that it is delicious! This is a very simple recipe! You don't need to have any special culinary skills! Make this ground beef dinner an unforgettable experience! This is one of my simplest and most delicious potato and ground beef recipes. Delicious and simple. Juicy meat filling and potatoes. A simple and delicious recipe for ground beef with potatoes. With this recipe, you will often cook minced meat. I'm going to cook with you today a very simple and delicious minced meat recipe for dinner. You will love this quick and delicious recipe with potatoes and minced meat and meat in NO stores! This recipe is beautiful and delicious and you will love it! A delicious lunch or dinner recipe can be made with simple, inexpensive ingredients. Easy to prepare for everyone! Very simple and juicy. Just mix potatoes with any minced meat for a delicious recipe! A quick and delicious recipe for potatoes and minced meat. The potato and minced meat recipe cooks very quickly. Try this delicious and fresh minced meat recipe. This is a great and quick idea for a delicious dinner. A delicious lunch will be ready quickly. Dinner for the whole family. Just a few ingredients are enough and the dish is ready on your table. Grated potatoes cook quickly. I have never eaten such delicious potatoes with minced meat. Tasty and easy to cook according to my simple recipe! Share this simple and delicious minced meat recipe on social media. Try making this incredibly delicious recipe yourself and tell everyone in the comments how you like it. Good luck to all!<br />Recipe and Ingredients:<br />3 onions.<br />Vegetable oil.<br />Minced meat - 450 g (1 pound).<br />Salt.<br />Black pepper.<br />Sweet paprika.<br />Coriander.<br />2 cloves of garlic.<br />Mix well.<br />2-3 potatoes.<br />Cheese - 120 g (4.5 oz).<br />Pepper.<br />Vegetable oil.<br />Mayonnaise.<br />Bake in oven for 30 minutes at 180 ° C (350 ° F)<br />Bon Appetit!<br />Friends can, if you liked the video, you can help the channel:<br />🔔 SUBSCRIBE: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAQTfUgrduymSTXSDoiWn6w?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAQTfUgrduymSTXSDoiWn6w?sub_confirmation=1</a><br />📢 Share this video with your friends on social networks. Network + recipe will be saved on your site!<br />👍 Rate the video! 👍 - this is pleasant and important to me for the development of the channel!<br />  WRITE A COMMENT, or at least a smiley. It is not difficult for you, but I will be very glad!<br />Subscribe deliciously fast<br />Already subscribed? ▶ Turn on ringtone 🔔 to be notified of new videos!<br />#alexcookseveryday #recipe #meat{% endraw %}
