---
title: "Strength of Korea [Subtitles]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/q3wJOpJPrnU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "q3wJOpJPrnU"
categories: "Film-Animation"
tags: ["Korea","DPRK","Kim Jong Il"]
date: "2021-11-02T07:37:07+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-12-17T12:48:31Z"
duration: "PT3M31S"
viewcount: "3208"
likeCount: "98"
dislikeCount: "8"
channel: "DPRK Video Archive"
---
{% raw %}Korean title: 조선의 힘<br />Alternative title: Might of Korea, Power of Korea<br /><br /><br />Now the Korean young people, more firmly holding the torch of revolution, are vigorously advancing towards the final victory in the building of a prosperous nation.<br />It is the great leader Kim Jong Il who led the Korean youth to go unflaggingly along the long road of Songun revolution under the leadership of the party holding high the torch of revolution.<br />On the evening of October 10, Juche 84 or 1995, a torchlight procession was starting after the significant evening gala of youth and students of Pyongyang City held in the Kim Il Sung Square in presence of the great Kim Jong Il in celebration of the 50th anniversary of the founding of the Workers´ Party of Korea.<br />The great Kim Jong Il handed a flaring torch to a young boy and girl. The torch represented his earnest request that the youth should become the undying flames of revolution, the vanguard fighters resolutely defending the WPK in the van and the reliable successors to the Songun revolution carrying forward to completion the revolutionary cause of Juche pioneered by the fatherly leader President Kim Il Sung in single-minded unity around the party. Keeping his earnest request in their hearts, the Korean youth, holding the torch of revolution higher, constantly advanced along the road of revolution following the great Kim Jong Il and the WPK and wrote an epic of creation and merits in the history of the country at the most difficult, arduous time.<br /><br />Today, too, the Korean youth holding high the torch of revolution are standing in the van of building a prosperous nation.<br />The torch of revolution handed by the great Kim Jong Il to the Korean youth is more brightly flaring up, promising a bright and happy future on the road ahead of the young people advancing under the leadership of respected Kim Jong Un.<br />Respected Kim Jong Un loves the young people in particular. He saw that an unprecedented great political festival of the youth was held and on the road of his inspection of the front, sent a congratulatory message representing his trust and love to the participants in the celebrations of the Youth Day and all other young people across the country.<br />Elated by his love and trust, the Korean young people, holding higher the torch of revolution, are vigorously making a breach at a storm-like speed in the building of a thriving country with purest ideology and mentality.<br />Infinitely bright and rosy is the future of the Korean youth advancing towards the final victory arm in arm and shoulder to shoulder with respected Kim Jong Un holding higher the torch of the succession to the revolutionary cause of Juche, the torch of the idea of the WPK on attaching importance to the youth.<br />The Korean youth, holding higher the torch of revolution representing the peerlessly great men´s deep trust and idea on attaching importance to the youth, will support the leadership of respected Marshal Kim Jong Un with loyalty and demonstrate the dignity and stamina of the Korean youth to the world more proudly in the march of great leap for the building of a powerful country.{% endraw %}
