---
title: "Will Trump Run For President Again In 2024?!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/2r2MWVif3JQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "2r2MWVif3JQ"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Farron Cousins","News","Politics"]
date: "2021-09-16T05:38:06+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-15T22:00:00Z"
duration: "PT9M50S"
viewcount: "29316"
likeCount: "3226"
dislikeCount: "24"
channel: "Farron Balanced"
---
{% raw %}Last week we asked if you thought Donald Trump was going to run for President again, and tens of thousands of people voted in our online poll. Farron Cousins breaks down the results and reads some of the comments from our viewers about what they think is going to happen in 2024.<br /><br />Don't forget to like, comment, and share! And subscribe to stay connected!<br /><br />Connect with Farron on Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/farronbalanced">https://twitter.com/farronbalanced</a><br /><br />*This transcript was auto-generated. Please excuse any typos.<br /><br />Well folks, another week, another viewer poll, I asked you last Friday, whether or not you thought Donald Trump was going to run again in 2024, we had, how many votes did we have here? Total? Let me, uh, let me go back real quick and see, we had 26,000 votes on this poll. Here's the way I phrased it. A political article this week increased speculation that Trump won for run for president again in 2024, with many of his closest allies Shang it it's a near certainty with that in mind. Do you believe that Trump will actually run in 2024? Or is this just a way for him to stay at the top of the Republican party for a few more years? <br /><br />26% said, yes, he is definitely running no matter what 26% said, no, he's not running no matter what. So daddy even split on the no, definitely. And yes, definitely. And I think that's pretty amazing, 48%. So a plurality of people said maybe he'll run, but only if Republicans win big in next year's midterms. So that's what most of our viewers here said. I tend to agree with you, although I am leaning more towards, I don't think he's going to run even if Republicans win, but let's go to the comments now. Cause I think this is, you know, the best, best part of it here, uh, from Ray guy says he doesn't stand a chance in 2024, his endorsed candidates aren't even looking good for 2022. Plus Trump will be in the way in way worse shape than he is now. It'll be awesome to see him dwindle away. <br /><br />His life is a poop stain on our country. I'm not gonna not gonna argue with you on any of that. Uh, Tiffany kitty says I'm banking on his legal problems standing in the way of him ever running for public office. Again, uh, you know, I actually did consider putting that as one of the options, but I kind of wanted to keep it a little bit simpler, but yes, obviously that is a huge, huge factor. Like that's probably an even bigger factor than the midterms. You know, if he's in jail, uh, he's not running for president. Of course the odds of him actually going to jail are incredibly slim, but they still exist. So yeah, like you can't be president if you're serving from behind bars. So, you know, big obstacle there. Oh, and Thomas says it would be incredibly stupid and he'd almost certainly lose, but his narcissism is such that he'll probably do it anyway. <br /><br />That's an excellent point as well. Donald Trump's narcissism is well-known, you know, we're not shocking anybody by talking about his narcissism. So that does play a big role. He is according to the people who spoke in that political art Politico article that I referenced in the actual question itself, they said, he's, he's mad. He he's shocked. He lost a Biden. He wants to, you know, go back, get his revenge. And that is 100% his narcissism talking there. Um, uh, Lorna redig says, I will be genuinely surprised if he's still alive in 2024, the man is a walking heart attack. Again, another factor that could be just as important as his legal problems is his health. <br /><br />You know, I know he's got a lot of money, so he's got access to the best doctors money can buy, but sometimes that's not even enough to get you, especially when you're already in your seventies. And you're going to be in your mid seventies, mid to late seventies, by the time 20, 24 rolls around, he was already having health problems, you know, stability issues, walking down that ramp and trying to drink water or whatever the hell that was. Yeah. That's going to be a big deal too. Um, another person, uh, SIM gore to reiterate the same point about the health, uh, John Nemesh says doesn't really matter. He'll be indicted soon and hopefully arrested. You're far more optimistic than I am about that. Uh, Ron Pogon, God says, reminds me of a childhood story. The emperor has no clothes. Um, I'm hoping I, I actually probably mispronounce your last name. <br /><br />My apologies on that. Oddly wired says hopefully he and his crime family will be in jail. Um, user name would just munch number says he's going away for the midterms. He wants to see if the candidates he endorses will win. If they don't. He knows well, voters will not vote for him in the election. And yeah, I mean it, midterms obviously is another huge deal. Whatever happens next year, whether Republicans take back the house or the Senate or both, or neither, that's a big factor. Whether his preferred candidates get reelected. That's a huge factor because even if Republicans take back just the house, that's not a guarantee that Trump is in one the day.{% endraw %}
