---
title: "Sparks, Adam Driver, Marion Cotillard - So May We Start | From \"Annette\" ft. Simon Helb..."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/YWb3KpvAz8s\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "YWb3KpvAz8s"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["sparks band","sparks music","ron and russell mael"]
date: "2021-11-25T09:31:55+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-07-09T07:00:17Z"
duration: "PT1M51S"
viewcount: "390198"
likeCount: "7640"
dislikeCount: "95"
channel: "SparksVEVO"
---
{% raw %}So May We Start - from the soundtrack to &quot;Annette&quot; performed by Sparks, Adam Driver, Marion Cotillard feat. Simon Helberg <br />Listen to the album/order album here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://annette.lnk.to/highlights">https://annette.lnk.to/highlights</a><br /><br /><br />ABOUT ANNETTE<br />Annette, the much-anticipated new film from LEOS CARAX, is set to open the 74th Cannes Film Festival on 6 July 2021 and will go on general release in France on the same date. Based on an original story and music by Ron and Russell Mael, the brothers behind the flamboyant band SPARKS, ANNETTE began life as an (unreleased) album but was transformed into a musical film after they met Carax. Having successfully maintained a five-decade-long career as one of the world’s most innovative and creative bands, it comes as no surprise that their collaboration with the visionary French director has resulted in a unique piece of film-making. The original soundtrack to ANNETTE, with lyrics co-written by SPARKS and LEOS CARAX and music composed and performed by SPARKS, features vocals from the stars of the film: Adam Driver (Henry), Marion Cotillard (Ann) and Simon Helberg (The Conductor).<br /><br />About Annette,SPARKS says: “The characters live and breathe through the sensibility, tone, and lyrics of the music. In Annette, we set out to have virtually all the dialogue sung. It was a huge challenge, but one we are extremely proud of.“<br /><br />► SUBSCRIBE to Sony Soundtracks channel for more:<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://lnk.to/sonysoundtracks">https://lnk.to/sonysoundtracks</a> <br />► Follow Milan Records: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://lnk.to/milanrecords">http://lnk.to/milanrecords</a> <br />► More Soundtracks from Milan Records: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://milanrecords.com">https://milanrecords.com</a><br /><br />LYRICS:<br /><br />So may we start? (2x)<br />It’s time to start<br />High time to start<br /><br />They hope that it goes the way —it’s supposed to go<br />There’s fear in them all but they —can’t let it show<br />They're underprepared but that —may be enough<br />The budget is large but still —it’s not enough<br /><br />So may we start? May we start, may we, may we now start? (2x)<br />It’s time to start - May we start, may we, may we now start?<br />High time to start - May we start, may we, may we now start?<br /><br />We’ve fashioned a world, a world —built just for you<br />A tale of songs and fury —with no taboo<br />We'll sing and die for you —yes in minor keys<br />And if you want us to kill too —we may agree<br /><br />So may we start?<br /><br />So close all the doors and let’s —begin the show<br />The exits are clearly marked —thought you should know<br />The authors are here so let’s —not show disdain<br />The authors are here and they’re —a little vain<br />A little vain<br /><br />Now…<br />The music resounds and all —the flames are lit<br />So Ladies and gents please —shut up and sit<br />The curtain of our eyelids —lazily rise<br />But where's the stage you wonder<br /><br />Is it outside, or is it within?<br />Outside? Within? (2x)<br /><br />So may we start?<br /><br />#Sparks #Annette #LeosCarax{% endraw %}
