---
title: "Ayreon - Time Beyond Time (Electric Castle Live And Other Tales)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/NFftWMC04vI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "NFftWMC04vI"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["AYREON","ayreon","ayreon dvd"]
date: "2021-11-01T05:11:47+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-01T01:29:00Z"
duration: "PT6M32S"
viewcount: "1641"
likeCount: "37"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Jairo Tilleria"
---
{% raw %}On March 27 Music Theories Recordings/Mascot Label Group release 'Ayreon – Electric Castle Live and Other Tales', a 2CD+DVD set of last year's live spectacular performance of the third Ayreon album 'Into The Electric Castle'.<br /><br /><br />Over four nights at Tilburg's 013 venue (scene of the Ayreon Universe series of live shows in 2017) Lucassen, his band and one of modern progressive music's most emphatic of casts celebrated the 20th anniversary of the third Ayreon album in front of thousands of adoring fans who had flown in from around the world.<br /><br /><br />Originally released in 1998, 'Into The Electric Castle' is a classic tale of an epic quest. Set in 'no time and no space', it tells the story of eight individuals who are guided by a mysterious voice and tasked with finding the mysterious Electric Castle and discover what's inside. The entire album was performed live, featuring original album singers and musicians, such as Thijs Van Leer, Fish, Damian Wilson, Edward Reekers, Anneke van Giersbergen, and several special guests including Simone Simons (Epica) and Star Trek's John De Lancie as narrator.<br /><br /><br />The 'Other Tales' are deep cuts from Arjen Lucassen's other projects, such as The Gentle Storm, Ambeon, Stream of Passion, Guilt Machine, Star One, his solo-album Arjen Anthony Lucassen and a very special Marillion cover.<br /><br /><br />Step into the Electric Castle!<br /><br /><br />Tracklisting:<br /><br /><br />CD 1<br /><br /><br />1. Welcome to the New Dimension<br />2. Isis and Osiris<br />3. Amazing Flight<br />4. Time Beyond Time<br />5. The Decision Tree<br />6. Tunnel of Light<br />7. Across the Rainbow Bridge<br />8. The Garden of Emotions<br />9. Valley of the Queens<br />10. The Castle Hall<br />11. Tower of Hope<br />12. Cosmic Fusion <br /><br /><br />CD 2<br /><br /><br />13. Robby Valentine<br />14. The Mirror Maze<br />15. Evil Devolution<br />16. The Two Gates<br />17. Forever of the Stars<br />18. Another Time, Another Space<br />19. Shores of India<br />20. Ashes<br />21. Out in the Real World<br />22. Twisted Coil<br /><br /><br />Personnel :<br /><br /><br />Vocalists<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />John de Lancie – Narrator<br />Fish (ex-Marillion) – Highlander<br />Simone Simons (Epica)[3] – Indian<br />Damian Wilson (Headspace, Maiden uniteD, ex-Threshold) – Knight<br />Edwin Balogh – Roman<br />Anneke van Giersbergen (The Gentle Storm, VUUR, ex-The Gathering) – Egyptian<br />John Jaycee Cuijpers – Barbarian<br />Arjen Anthony Lucassen – Hippie<br />Edward Reekers (ex-Kayak) – Futureman<br />George Oosthoek – Death<br />Mark Jansen (Epica, Mayan, ex-After Forever) - Death<br />Marcela Bovio (ex-Stream of Passion, Mayan) - Backing vocals, lead vocals on &quot;Out in the Real World&quot;<br />Dianne van Giersbergen (Ex Libris, ex-Xandria) - Backing vocals<br />Jan Willem Ketelaers - Backing vocals<br />Robert Soeterboek - Vocals on &quot;Songs of the Ocean&quot;<br />Michael Mills (Toehider) - TH-1 (recorded intro to Other Tales section)<br />Rutger Hauer - Voight Kampff (recorded intro to &quot;Pink Beatles in a Purple Zeppelin&quot;)<br />Production<br />Arjen Anthony Lucassen – producing, mixing<br />Brett Caldas-Lima – mastering<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Instrumentalists<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Ed Warby – drums<br />Marcel Singor (Kayak) – lead guitar<br />Ferry Duijsens (VUUR) – guitar<br />Bob Wijtsma (Ex Libris) – guitar<br />Johan van Stratum (VUUR, ex-Stream of Passion) – bass<br />Joost van den Broek (ex-After Forever) – keyboards<br />Ben Mathot – violin<br />Jurriaan Westerveld – cello<br />Thijs van Leer (Focus) – flute<br />Robby Valentine - piano on &quot;Robby Valentine&quot; and &quot;The Mirror Maze&quot;<br />Arjen Anthony Lucassen - guitar on &quot;Songs of the Ocean&quot;<br />23. Kayleigh<br />24. Pink Beatles in a Purple Zeppelin<br />25. Songs of the Ocean{% endraw %}
