---
title: "How Do You Respond When a Customer Asks For a Discount?"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/otyjj137Xhw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "otyjj137Xhw"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["How do you respond when a customer asks for a discount?","How do you politely say no to discount?","How do you offer a customer discount?"]
date: "2021-09-28T23:08:08+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-19T18:01:12Z"
duration: "PT3M8S"
viewcount: "22"
likeCount: "2"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Matt Easton"
---
{% raw %}How do you respond when a customer asks for a discount? No matter what product or service you sell, you will likely come across customers asking for discounts for various reasons.<br /><br />As a sales professional, your goal is to close these deals in a way that satisfies the customer, while working within your company’s pricing constraints.<br /><br />Some organizations are very happy to entertain the discount request. In some cases, on their own timeline (ie. once or twice a year sale, regular discounts and promotions, etc.). In other cases, organizations discount as needed to close a specific deal, or based on the unique terms and size of the deal at a specific price range.<br /><br />And of course, some companies refuse to offer discounts of any kind, preferring to set a price-tag that prospects understand to be firm and equal for all.<br /><br />Regardless, sales professionals should be prepared for price reduction requests along the sales process. And they should have a response ready that will help the negotiation end where everyone is content with the outcome.<br /><br />Simple, real-world sales training that helps you win more business.<br />No matter how great your products, services, or solutions are, they won't handle objections, and they won't close the deal for you. You must understand how to SELL in a way that makes it easy for people and organizations to do business with you. <br /><br />Traditional sales training can be overwhelming, out-of-context, and downright boring. Worst of all, most business training programs skip SELLING &amp; CLOSING altogether.<br /><br />Professionals are left to figure out how to sell prospects on their offerings and close deals themselves. Not anymore; Easton University changes everything, with proven training in interactive, contextual, bite-sized courses.<br /><br />The most respected Sales Education and Certification in the world.<br /><br />Have questions? We are here to help; Call us anytime at (800) 628-1456 or support@eastonuniversity.com<br /><br /><br />#SalesTraining #Sales #SalesTips<br /><br />Watch this video for tips and information on:<br />How do you respond when a customer asks for a discount?<br />How do you politely say no to discount?<br />How do you offer a customer discount?<br />How do you tell a customer you can't lower your price?<br />how to deal with customers asking for discount<br />how to say no to a customer asking for a discount<br />why do customers ask for discounts<br />how to say no to a customer asking for a discount email<br />how to ask for a discount professionally<br />how to respond when someone asks you to lower your rate<br />email for giving discount to customer sample<br /><br />This video is about How do you respond when a customer asks for a discount? <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/otyjj137Xhw">https://youtu.be/otyjj137Xhw</a>{% endraw %}
