---
title: "How to MANIFEST A Text INSTANTLY From A SPECIFIC Person | Law of Attraction (Works Like MAGIC!)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/7OiMjBkjtkE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "7OiMjBkjtkE"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["MANIFEST","INSTANTLY","SPECIFIC"]
date: "2021-10-22T02:43:54+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-02-16T01:00:00Z"
duration: "PT12M10S"
viewcount: "1277669"
likeCount: "67987"
dislikeCount: "1214"
channel: "Clark Kegley"
---
{% raw %}Here's How to MANIFEST A Text INSTANTLY From A SPECIFIC Person | Law of Attraction (Works Like MAGIC!)). 🎯 Free Case Study - Discover ONE TOOL more powerful than manifestation, rewiring your subconscious mind, or the law of attraction. Click to watch now (no sign-up required) ➡ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.clarkkegley.com/free-case-study">https://www.clarkkegley.com/free-case-study</a><br /><br />Ready to create your own POWERFUL Morning Ritual? Join the Morning Ritual Secrets program and do these &quot;weird&quot; things first thing in the morning to change your life forever in under 7-Days:  ➡ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/MorningRitualSecrets">http://bit.ly/MorningRitualSecrets</a><br /><br />Follow Me On Instagram: <br />➡ @clarkkegley<br /><br />Resources and Videos mentioned:<br />➡ THE SECRET: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/UvjGV9BRIFc">https://youtu.be/UvjGV9BRIFc</a><br />➡ VISION BOARD: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/UKYOhnBMWAQ">https://youtu.be/UKYOhnBMWAQ</a><br /><br />#MANIFEST #LOA #REFUSINGTOSETTLE<br /><br />Really cool thing about being here on a golf course is that it rained the other night. And when it rains, there's no golfers on the golf course. So we get that thing all to ourselves. It's beautiful out golden hour. Let's go find a spot to sit down for this very special video on how to use your phone and your mind to manifest a text message from someone. Now this can be a lover, an ex, a, a friend, a family member, someone you really want to get in touch with. I'm going to show you how, again, with just your phone some time and your mind, you can actually manifest this into your life even if you haven't talked to them for months or weeks. And I know this sounds crazy, but we're backing it up in this video and if you're open to it, I promise this has the potential to work. And I'll show you some stories. Cause I thought this was BS until I started doing it. And, uh, it's kinda eerie. It feels like voodoo feels like witchcraft. So this is very powerful. And uh, I'll leave it at that. It's Clark from refusing to settle, let's go. So I was very skeptical about this method and I saw another YouTube video talking about it very, very briefly, not as in depth as what I'll give you. And I was skeptical.<br /><br />I have a very skeptical mind about things. I always wanted to like the science behind it or the what ifs, you know? And I'm like, yeah, okay. That kind of sounds like B S voodoo witchcraft. Like we talked about. And I tried it. I said, you know what, it's free. I have a phone, I got five minutes, what do I have to lose? And so I did it. And the first time I did it was with my dad. My dad and I talk every other week and a very infrequently really. And since moving here, you know, I could have easily picked up the phone and called them, but I was like, let me just try this. And so I did this exercise, what I'll show you. And I did it. And I put all my energy there. And then like an hour later I get a call from him on my phone.<br /><br />And again, we only talk once every two weeks. So I was like, that is so fricking weird. I like, I don't know if it's this eerie feeling and when you do this and it works, let me know in the comments and come back to this if it does work and let me know in the success stories in the comments. Okay. The second time I did it before making this video, I was like, I want to make sure that wasn't just some fluke accident. I want to know like, you know, if I'm gonna make a video on it, I want to make sure that like, it works more than just once. Right. And so I did it same exercise, I'll show you. And uh, this time I did it for my friend Brian, right? Because, uh, why not? I was like, all right, Brian, let's, let's see if he's gonna message me.<br /><br />And I went to bed and then I woke up with a text message from him, like literally hours later, a text message from him and you're like, well, you guys are friends. It was still weird. We don't text that much. Nothing out of the blue. So it was equally as weird. And then I started thinking about this and to a much lesser extent, I did this two other times the other day. I was thinking about someone who could really help me with my Instagram content. I'm really busy with YouTube, so I don't really have the time to go in and do that. Right. And lo and behold, a voice memo pops up with someone, a friend of mine who I know saying he started a new service where he's helping influencers, uh, everyone's favorite word, right? Run their Instagram account, creating content from YouTube videos. I'm like, come on, you gotta be kidding me here.<br /><br />And then the last one I'll give you was back when I'm met my now girlfriend Danny, um, I, it was that early stage of dating, which can be kind of brutal, right? Where you're like going on a date. You're, you're really like them, but you're not sure if they like you. And, uh, you're like, are they going to text me first or am I going to text them? And you're constantly checking your phone, constantly checking your phone...<br /><br /><br />This video is about How to MANIFEST A Text INSTANTLY From A SPECIFIC Person | Law of Attraction (Works Like MAGIC!)<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/7OiMjBkjtkE">https://youtu.be/7OiMjBkjtkE</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/7OiMjBkjtkE">https://youtu.be/7OiMjBkjtkE</a>{% endraw %}
