---
title: "YOU WILL GET A MIRACLE IN 2 HOURS"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/8DTkigpo9ug\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "8DTkigpo9ug"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["universe message","gods message to you","your guardian angel"]
date: "2021-11-10T06:30:19+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-09T14:00:02Z"
duration: "PT2M3S"
viewcount: "11812"
likeCount: "1401"
dislikeCount: "13"
channel: "Love Magic Works"
---
{% raw %}💛 Please if you liked the video give it a thumbs up and share it so many more people will be reached by this blessing. Thanks and God Bless You Greatly. - Darius<br /><br />Why is 3,6,9 so important? Darius sent you a message... Click here to read it: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/Easy369Method">https://bit.ly/Easy369Method</a><br /><br />****<br />Watch this to have a good day. God sent to you this gift open it now!<br /><br />Often finding an exact time, as well as a double or reversed time, can have different interpretations. Some think that their guardian angel is trying to communicate with them. Others see a message from a person who is gone, an answer to one of their questions, or a good omen. Whatever it is, double or reversed hours do not leave us indifferent and their meanings reveal secret messages.<br /><br />We speak of &quot;mirror hours&quot; when a figure or a number of hours is the same as that of the minutes, for example: 10:10. And we speak of &quot;reversed hours&quot; when the hour figures are reversed with the minutes, for example: 02:20.<br /><br />This can be a very sweet moment for you, where you feel that you can really be touched by the hand of heaven and somehow the paths to blessings open and opportunities arise on your path that lead you to feel abundance, well-being, joy. , security, that kind of security that makes you feel that everything is fine and you don't have to worry about anything because your needs are going to be covered.<br /><br />Now you can feel that connection with yourself, with the world around you, with divinity itself, with the love that surrounds you or that which is available to you, with your affections, the love of your family, partner or friends who are present. in your life now, and simply allow yourself to enjoy those shared moments because they will give you happiness, sweeten your senses, raise your vibration and you will see yourself with the ability to really be you, feel comfortable with it and from that level of emotion and authenticity, begin to attract what you really want to see in your life.<br /><br />In this opportunity I present you some messages from God, which you can share with your family, friends and loved ones. How beautiful it is to praise our beloved God.<br /><br />This day God chose the most radiant, beautiful and beautiful flowers; and he turned them into blessings to you.<br /><br />Blessings are like water, they refresh life and strengthen the soul, that is why today you receive a spring of blessings from God.<br /><br />The love that God gives you and your joy are the basic elements to conquer and lead a beautiful life.<br /><br />You know ... I just talked to God and asked him to give you a nice &quot;Day&quot; tomorrow, but first to give you a nice &quot;Night&quot;.<br /><br />Only with you, I have been able to make each of my dreams come true. Thank you my Lord.<br /><br />Falling in love with you, my beloved God, has been the most beautiful thing that has happened to me in my life.<br /><br />What God has in store for you is far more valuable than any treasure ever seen.<br /><br />Do not lose faith in God, because He will never abandon you and accompany you even in the impossible.<br /><br />God, you are our salvation, I can do everything and I believe in you, that I lack everything but not my faith. Oh blessed Father, thank you for your infinite and true love.<br /><br />God, you are great and merciful. I thank you every day for listening to my prayers and not abandoning me. Amen.<br /><br />You know that although we cannot see each other here or there, you can always count on me, I am Jesus, I do not turn away or forget you.<br /><br />Smile even if you have a really bad day. Get up even if you have fallen. Love even if you have been hurt, and never forget that I am your God and I will always be with you.<br /><br />You are a lit torch of God for all those around you, never decide to give up, because many need your light to always shine.<br /><br />If you feel that everyone has left and left you alone, do not be discouraged, take refuge in God that He does know what you are going through.<br /><br />Commend yourself to God every day when you leave home and every evening when you return, for He goes with you everywhere and does not abandon you.<br /><br />Remember that God will not put excess load on your shoulders, He knows how much load you can carry on.<br /><br />Cling to God and life even if you stumble a thousand times more, then you will see that it was worth it to keep going to achieve victory.<br /><br />Forgive from your heart everything that has hurt you and did you a lot of damage, rejoice in God, that there you will obtain the peace you need.<br /><br />When you feel sad and lost, look up to the sky, there is God in the height comforting you.<br /><br />God loves each of us as one.{% endraw %}
