---
title: "Some Battles Are Not Yours To Fight! Let God Fight Your Battles (Inspirational & Motivational Video)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/nyDc-0Xv6kA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "nyDc-0Xv6kA"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Battles","Yours","Fight!"]
date: "2021-10-27T02:13:28+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-26T19:35:08Z"
duration: "PT8M1S"
viewcount: "1664"
likeCount: "404"
dislikeCount: "2"
channel: "Trailblazer"
---
{% raw %}Donation &amp; Support: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://paypal.me/trailblazerM?locale.x=no_NO">https://paypal.me/trailblazerM?locale.x=no_NO</a><br /><br />Some Battles Are Not Yours To Fight! Let God Fight Your Battles (Inspirational &amp; Motivational Video)<br /><br />Usually, we tend to want to do everything ourselves. We feel nobody else can handle those situations better than us, so we strive, and struggle to get things done in our own Power, and might. But The Lord has already told us that, nothing can be achieved by struggling, everything is achieved by The Spirit of God: “New Life Version Zechariah 4:6 Then he said to me, “This is the Word of the Lord to Zerubbabel saying, ‘Not by strength nor by power, but by My Spirit,’ says the Lord of All.”<br />Now, in order not to be confused about this, The Lord is not asking us to be lazy, He is not saying we should sit at home, and wait for manna to fall from heaven,  even the Israelites were not sitting at home waiting for manna, they were walking, led by God in the wilderness before the manna fell. So we are to be led by God into places, and situations so that He may open doors for us. Going out of the will of God, can lead to hardship. When God sends us on a path, He always provides. He will not send, and then let you suffer. <br />Many things happen to different people in life, like losing a job, losing a baby , homelessness, and these things can affect the mind, and the emotions. We tend to believe that God does not love us, because these things happened, we blame Him for our predicaments as though He were the one responsible for our bad choices. But thankfully, the mercies of God are eternally sufficient, He always brings us back to Himself even after we have left Him for our own selfish purposes, He will always restore what was lost: “New Life Version Job 42:10 The Lord returned to Job all the things that he had lost, when he prayed for his friends. The Lord gave Job twice as much as he had before.”<br />Now, let us look at practical ways that we can let go , and allow God take control; there are people who want kids at a certain age, for instance, a single lady who wants kids so bad , the next plan is to get married as soon as possible just so she can start having kids. When she goes to God concerning this, she would know He has said yes, and confirmed that the one He has sent is on the way, but she decides to stop hearing at this point, and goes ahead to celebrate without waiting for instructions  on how it would happen. Then someone comes along at that very time who has no love, or respect for God, and just because he is available, she says yes, and they get hitched. Some good time passes, and then the questions start to come. She asks God why He will not give them a baby. Meanwhile, God never told her that the husband she had married was His choice , He never approved of that union. So naturally, they begin to go all out looking for solutions to their problems, they try everything, use up all their money going from one doctor to the next, then finally they come to God. So after years of trying every other thing, they find their way back to God, and there with Him, seeking His face, not His hand they find that the solution was always right there with God. God is interested in a relationship with us. We can only get what we want , when we want Him first : “Matthew 6:33 But first and most importantly seek (aim at, strive after) His kingdom and His righteousness [His way of doing and being right—the attitude and character of God], and all these things will be given to you also.”<br /><br />Getting to know Him more: knowing more about God can only be achieved by reading His word, and knowing what He has said. In His word, He introduces Himself  to us. His names can be used to explain His wide variety of character traits, just so you can have an idea of His character, and how to relate with Him at different times. He speaks of what He likes, and what He detests. You can also have an idea of how He works to some extent, also you can find principles in the bible that can help you get closer to Him, and build up your faith. <br />When you know Him, you will understand why it is most important to listen to Him, and follow His lead. <br /><br />Faith and trust: our next guide line to helping us let go is.. faith, and trust in God. Knowing God, and what He has said about us, helps build our faith, and when faith it is built up to an unshakeable level, trust is established. <br />No matter what circumstances you may face in life, as long as you know what God has said about your life, you would forever be at peace: “Amplified Bible Isaiah 32:17 And the effect of righteousness will be peace, And the result of righteousness will be quietness and confident trust forever.”{% endraw %}
