---
title: "PREPARE FOR TRADE SHOW - How to prepare for successful exhibition & trade show"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Qu2Nxju3OQY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Qu2Nxju3OQY"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["PREPARE FOR TRADE SHOW","how to prepare for a trade show","how to prepare for successful trade show"]
date: "2021-10-16T18:00:50+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-03-03T15:15:30Z"
duration: "PT6M45S"
viewcount: "9256"
likeCount: "134"
dislikeCount: "15"
channel: "Analytics of Life"
---
{% raw %}There are various ways how we can prepare for trade show to make it a successful one. The video explains about how we can make a trade show or exhibition successful.<br />➡️ Regardless of your experience level at exhibiting at trade shows, your success depends on your level of preparation. Even if you already know your target audience, your strategy, and your message, a great deal of work must be done ahead of the show to achieve your goals and receive a good return on your time and investment. Mert Damlapinar shares high level overview and useful tips for preparing for your first exhibition or relatively large trade show.<br /><br />The video was shot at Winter Fancy Food Show 2019 in San Francisco between January 13 - 15, 2019 at Moscone Center.<br />-------------------------------------------- <br /><br />Analytics is the discovery and communication of meaningful patterns and actionable insights in data. Industry experts claim that AI will have a negative impact on blue-collar jobs, but in his book Analytics of Life, Mert Damlapinar predicts that Americans and Europeans will experience a strong impact on white-collar jobs as well. And Mert also provides research results and a clear description of which jobs will be affected and how soon, which jobs could be enhanced with AI. <br /><br />Analytics of Life (#1 Best Seller on Amazon) also provides solutions and insight into some of the most profound changes to come in human history. <br /><br />For more information : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://analyticsoflife.com">http://analyticsoflife.com</a> <br /> -------------------------------------------<br />Analytics of Life provides the reader with a broad overview of the field of data analytics and artificial intelligence. It provides the layperson an understanding of the various stages of artificial intelligence, the risks and powerful benefits. And it provides a way to look at big data and machine learning that enables us to make the most of this exciting new realm of technology in our day-to-day jobs and our small businesses.<br /><br />Questions you can find answers<br />* What is artificial intelligence (AI)?<br />* What is the difference between AI, machine learning and data analytics?<br />* Which jobs AI will replace, which jobs are safe from the data analytics revolution?<br />* Why data analytics is the best career move?<br />* How can I apply data analytics in my job or small business?<br /><br />Who is this book for?<br />* Managers and business professionals<br />* Marketers, product managers, and business strategists<br />* Entrepreneurs, founders and startups team members<br />* Consultants, advisors, and educators<br />* Almost anybody who has an interest in the future<br /><br />According to an article by Cade Metz in The New York Times, &quot;Researchers say computer systems are learning from lots and lots of digitized books and news articles that could bake old attitudes into new technology.&quot;<br /><br />Oxford University professor Nick Bostrom argues that if machine brains surpassed human brains in general intelligence, then this new superintelligence could become extremely powerful - possibly beyond our control.<br /><br />MIT professor Max Tegmark describes and illuminates the recent, ground-breaking advances in Artificial Intelligence and how it might overtake human intelligence.<br /><br />As Oxford University economist Daniel Susskind points out, technological progress could bring about unprecedented prosperity, solving one of humanity's oldest problems: how to make sure that everyone has enough to live on.<br /><br />Distinguished AI researcher and professor of computer science at UC Berkeley, Russell Stuart suggests that we can rebuild AI on a new foundation, according to which machines are designed to be inherently uncertain about the human preferences they are required to satisfy.<br /><br />For more information : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://analyticsoflife.com">http://analyticsoflife.com</a> <br />___________________________________________________<br /><br />Mert Damlapinar has been a VP of Marketing &amp; E-Commerce, an E-Commerce Digital Director, a Director of Sales, a Business Development Executive. He has a master’s degree in Applied Business Analytics from Boston University and completed graduate-level training in Machine Learning at MIT and executive-level education in Integrated Marketing at Cornell University, he completed his bachelor’s degree in Molecular Biology at Hacettepe University.<br /><br />With extensive experience in biotech and CPG industries for over 18 years, he has traveled to more than 20 countries on 4 continents. He has won the Employee of the Year award, Best Sales Performance awards and was selected Most Scoring Player in college sports for 4 consecutive years. He has climbed the Great Wall and survived many yacht races and polo games.<br /><br />He and his wife share their home in Manhattan with an Italian Greyhound, a Lionhead Rabbit and a lifetime collection of books.<br /><br />For more information about Mert Damlapinar visit: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://mertdamlapinar.com/">https://mertdamlapinar.com/</a><br /><br />#tradeshow  #business #success{% endraw %}
