---
title: "Lots of Brinjals! Curried them, stuffed with them & of course preserved them too | Traditional Me"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/AQdPnkRNgeE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "AQdPnkRNgeE"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["cooking","recipe","traditional"]
date: "2021-09-19T06:05:59+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-24T12:44:41Z"
duration: "PT28M46S"
viewcount: "2281392"
likeCount: "41620"
dislikeCount: "1853"
channel: "Traditional Me"
---
{% raw %}Compared to the very fertile land which is located in the edge of the Kalu Mukalane forest, the land where our house has been built is not at all fertile due to the shades of the tall coconut trees and the sandy soil. Red fertile soil contains lots of moisture which gives richness to the soil. My elder uncle, elder aunty and my brother grows the vegetables in the vegetable plot. There are a wide variety of vegetables such as Ridge gourd, Snake gourd, Bitter gourd, Pumpkin, Cooking melon, Ash gourd, Long beans, Winged beans, Raddish, Brinjals (Eggplant), Turkeyberry, Country potato, Okra, Tomatoes, Green Chilli and  Bird’s eye chilli grown in this vegetable plantation.<br /><br />After lunch I walked towards the vegetable garden to pick some Brinjals but ended up for some gossip with my elder aunt’s daughter until late evening. Since it’s not the normal practice to eat Brinjals at night for a dinner dish, I kept the Brinjals which I picked in the evening, for next day lunch. <br /><br />As a local tradition and a practice we don’t make any curry with Brinjals at night as this vegetable has a cooling effect which can aggravate the body’s phlegm allergy conditions. In villages, as a practice they add a piece of dried tuna or few dried shrimps when cooking Brinjals to not only to enhance the taste but to balance the cooler effects with the heatie effect of the dried fish! <br /><br />Next day for lunch I split the Brinjals into 4 parts without separating and made a coconut milk reduction curry. One of my brothers favorite curries. And I also didn’t remove the stem of the Branjals as it is adding a nice taste to the curry. Apart from that I completed the lunch menu with cooked a red potato curry, A leafy sambol with radish leaves together with the radish, a tempered dhal reduction curry. Though I thought the table is complete, but my Brother told that the meal will be completed if we could have some fried Karalla(Pony fish) with this. As a sister my heart always ever willing to treat my brother with what ever the best dish that he desires. Luckily there were some cleaned pony dry fish preserved in the dry fish box on top of the stove. <br /><br />I already planned to make a Brinjal Moju(relish/pickle) to use in the long run as there were extra Brinjals which I had picked day before yesterday. It’s been told that this dish was an authentic Malay dish which became very famous in Sri Lanka loved by both young and the old. First the cleaned Brinjals are been cut into strips and soaked in a salted-turmeric water mixture and prior to deep fry them. This turmeric water mixture is used to get a taste as well as to prevent the discolouring of the Brinjal pieces when they expose in to the air. Then deep fried shallots, green chilies, dried sprats are mixed in with ground mustard-vinegar paste which compliments such a fabulous taste which has become one of the most important side dishes in any wedding, alms giving lunch table. A super tasty dish loved by all in our country.<br /><br />Oh no actually I forgot to tell you dear friends about this incident where our brother got very irritated with me today because I asked him to give me the stove that he was making one of his dishes with burnt Brinjals, sweet potatoes, roasted garlic and chilies. My brother dearest had got very annoyed that he vowed that to eat his dish all by himself and it was not a surprise he came and sat infront of me and started to eat them one by one shouting they are very delicious. No one knows my brothers generous, loving and caring heart better than me, yet he didn’t share the snack that he made with me sooner than I thought he would. Finally he came with a guilty and a remorse face and with a very soft voice said “ Sister, have some”! This deep bond of the siblings between brothers and sisters will never be taken away from each other in every family as they very correctly say that “ Blood Is Thicker Than Water” and to prove that bond further, Then I made a cup of tea for my little baby brother to show him how much I love and adore him for life.<br /><br />Love you All!<br />Nadee<br /><br />© All rights reserved<br />Lots of Brinjals! Curried them, stuffed with them &amp; of course preserved them too <br /><br />*Turn CC on for subtitles<br /><br />乡村烹饪 cuisine de village गाँव का खाना बनाना cucina del villaggio طبخ القرية Dorfkochen 村の料理 dorp koken 마을 요리 pagluluto ng nayon деревенская кухня cozinha da vila ഗ്രാമീണ പാചകം cocina del pueblo গ্রাম রান্না vesnické vaření landsby madlavning ចម្អិនអាហារតាមភូមិ kylän ruoanlaitto गाउँ खाना पकाउने masakan desa கிராம சமையல் masakan kampung หมู่บ้านทำอาหาร gotowanie na wsi köy pişirme làng nấu ăn ရွာချက်ပြုတ် μαγειρική στο χωριό villa coctione<br /><br />Inspired by 李子柒 Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge<br /><br />Watch all my videos(playlist) - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gz7Dd......">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gz7Dd......</a><br />Music - Traditional Me © <br />FACEBOOK : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/traditionalm...">https://www.facebook.com/traditionalm...</a><br /><br />#villagecooking​​​​​ #srilankanfood​​​​​ #traditionalme​​​​​ #village​​​​​ #villagelife​​​​​ #villagefood​​​​​ #nadee​​​​​ #countryfood​​​​​ #dessert​​​ #srilankancooking{% endraw %}
