---
title: "Blade Runner 2049 Baseline Test (Both Scenes)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/vrP-_T-h9YM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "vrP-_T-h9YM"
categories: "Film-Animation"
tags: ["Blade runner 2049","Baseline Test","Blade runner 2049 baseline test"]
date: "2021-11-06T00:23:57+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-12-30T16:24:20Z"
duration: "PT2M17S"
viewcount: "1963708"
likeCount: "21690"
dislikeCount: "475"
channel: "DE4AL7"
---
{% raw %}&quot;A blood black nothingness began to spin.<br /><br />Began to spin.<br /><br />Let's move on to system. System.<br /><br />Feel that in your body. The system.<br /><br />What does it feel like to be part of the system. System.<br /><br />Is there anything in your body that wants to resist the system? System.<br /><br />Do you get pleasure out of being a part of the system? System.<br /><br />Have they created you to be a part of the system? System.<br /><br />Is there security in being a part of the system? System.<br /><br />Is there a sound that comes with the system? System.<br /><br />We're going to go on. Cells.<br /><br />They were all put together at a time. Cells.<br /><br />Millions and billions of them. Cells.<br /><br />Were you ever arrested? Cells.<br /><br />Did you spend much time in the cell? Cells.<br /><br />Have you ever been in an instituion? Cells.<br /><br />Do they keep you in a cell? Cells.<br /><br />When you're not performing your duties do they keep you in a little box? Cells.<br /><br />Interlinked.<br /><br />What's it like to hold the hand of someone you love? Interlinked.<br /><br />Do they teach you how to feel finger to finger? Interlinked.<br /><br />Do you long for having your heart interlinked? Interlinked.<br /><br />Do you dream about being interlinked?<br /><br />Have they left a place for you where you can dream? Interlinked.<br /><br />What's it like to hold your child in your arms? Interlinked.<br /><br />What's it like to play with your dog? Interlinked.<br /><br />Do you feel that there's a part of you that's missing? Interlinked.<br /><br />Do you like to connect to things? Interlinked.<br /><br />What happens when that linkage is broken? Interlinked.<br /><br />Have they let you feel heartbreak? Interlinked.<br /><br />Did you buy a present for the person you love? Within cells interlinked.<br /><br />Why don't you say that three times? Within cells interlinked. Within cells interlinked. Within cells interlinked.<br /><br />Where do you go when you go within? Within.<br /><br />Has anyone ever locked you out of a room? Within.<br /><br />Within.<br /><br />Where do you go to when you go within? Within.<br /><br />Where is the place in the world you feel the safest? Within.<br /><br />Do you have a heart? Within.<br /><br />Stem.<br /><br />Did you pick asparagus stems?<br /><br />What comes from something else? Stem.<br /><br />Have you been to the source of a river? Stem.<br /><br />When's the first time you gave a flower to a girl? Stem.<br /><br />What did she look like? Stem.<br /><br />Is it a slang word for people's legs? Stem.<br /><br />Have you planeted things in the ground? Stem.<br /><br />Have you ever been in a legal battle? Stem.<br /><br />Within one stem.<br /><br />Dreadfully.<br /><br />Is that an old fashioned word? Dreadfully.<br /><br />Did you ever want to live in the nineteenth century? Dreadfully.<br /><br />What's it like to be filled with dread? Dreadfully.<br /><br />Do you think you could find out all the answers to all the questions? Dreadfully.<br /><br />Distinct.<br /><br />How good are your eyes? Distinct.<br /><br />Do you have a particular personality? Distinct.<br /><br />What separates somebody from somebody else? Distinct.<br /><br />Who do you admire most in the world? Distinct.<br /><br />What was your most shameful moment? Distinct.<br /><br />Dreadfully distinct.<br /><br />Dark.<br /><br />Were you afraid of the dark whan you were little? Dark.<br /><br />What's it like to hide under a bed? Dark.<br /><br />Did they keep you in a drawer when they were building you? Dark?<br /><br />Was it dark in there? Dark.<br /><br />Do you have dark thoughts? Dark?<br /><br />Did they program you to have dark thoughts? Dark?<br /><br />Do you think it's some kind of corruption these dark thoughts? Dark.<br /><br />Maybe it's a spot of rust or something? Dark.<br /><br />Who's the darkest person you know? Dark.<br /><br />What is it like when someone gives you the silent treatment. Dark.<br /><br />Who did you get your darkness from? Dark.<br /><br />Against the dark.<br /><br />What kind of power do you have against the dark. Against the dark.<br /><br />Do you think there is such a thing as evil? Against the dark.<br /><br />Do you think you can protect people against the dark. Against the dark.<br /><br />Why are these things happening? Against the dark.<br /><br />Do you prefer the day or the night? Against the dark.<br /><br />When is the last time you saw a starry sky? Against the dark.<br /><br />What's your favorite part of the moon? Against the dark.<br /><br />Fountain.<br /><br />Have you seen the Trevi fountain in Rome? Fountain.<br /><br />Have you ever seen the fountain in Lincoln center? Fountain.<br /><br />Have you seen fountains out in the wild? Fountain.<br /><br />What's it like when you have an orgasm. Fountain.<br /><br />Have you read the Fountainhead? Fountain.<br /><br />White Fountain.<br /><br />Is it pure white? White Fountain.<br /><br />Is that a metaphor? White Fountain.<br /><br />How did the white Fountain make you feel? White Fountain.<br /><br />A tall white fountain played.<br /><br />When you were little did you ever fall into a Fountain? A Tall White Fountain.<br /><br />Do you like fire, earth, air or water. A Tall White Fountain.<br /><br />Do you like skipping around in the water? A Tall White Fountain.<br /><br />A blood black nothingness.<br /><br />A system of cells.<br /><br />Within cells interlinked.<br /><br />Within one stem.<br /><br />And dreadfully distinct.<br /><br />Against the dark.<br /><br />A tall white fountain played.&quot;{% endraw %}
