---
title: "Skin Picking and Hair Pulling Explained. What are Body Focused Repetitive Behaviors?"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/mxwUyUoXHVc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "mxwUyUoXHVc"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["mental health channel","mental health education","dr tracey marks"]
date: "2021-11-24T02:34:37+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-03-24T12:45:00Z"
duration: "PT7M57S"
viewcount: "2150720"
likeCount: "82444"
dislikeCount: "448"
channel: "Dr. Tracey Marks"
---
{% raw %}The two most common behaviors are hair pulling and skin picking. These two have official names in the diagnostic manual. Hair pulling is called trichotillomania and skin-picking is called excoriation disorder. Even though trichotillomania has mania in the name, it has nothing to do with the mania of bipolar disorder.<br /><br />Some other body focused repetitive disorders include:<br />Nail biting also called Onychotillomania<br />Lip biting<br />Nose picking<br /><br />Some of the therapies used to help this condition are habit reversal training, which is a type of cognitive behavior therapy and a self-help technique called decoupling. With decoupling, you perform a different behavior whenever you feel the tension that normally triggers the compulsion. The idea is that this other behavior that you do, decouples or disrupts the connection between the emotion and the compulsion. Engaging in the other behavior allows you to gain some control over the compulsive behavior.<br /><br />We don’t have any medications that are standardly used for this disorder. There’s been some evidence that inositol and N-acetylcysteine have been helpful. Both of these are supplements that you can get without a prescription. Other alternative therapies are yoga, aerobic exercise, acupuncture, biofeedback and hypnosis.<br /><br />WANT TO START IN THERAPY? Here’s a convenient and affordable option<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://Betterhelp.com/drmarks">https://Betterhelp.com/drmarks</a> <br />For a monthly fee, you get a REAL licensed therapist with whom you can meet weekly by phone, video or chat. You can also send daily messages. <br /><br />You have access to webinars on various topics. The unlimited texting feature allows you to type out your concerns or questions and get a well thought out response you’re your therapist. Some of them will help you set goals, give you worksheets, etc. If you use this link you will get a 10% discount on your first month. <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://betterhelp.com/drmarks">https://betterhelp.com/drmarks</a> This is an option I've researched. I get a referral commission if you sign up.<br /><br />References<br />Grant JE, Odlaug BL, Chamberlain SR, et al: Skin picking disorder. Am J Psychiatry 169(11):1143–1149, 2012 PubMed ID: 23128921<br /><br />Moritz S, Rufer M. Movement decoupling: A self-help intervention for the treatment of trichotillomania. J Behav Ther Exp Psychiatry. 2011 Mar;42(1):74-80. doi: 10.1016/j.jbtep.2010.07.001. Epub 2010 Jul 14. PMID: 20674888.<br /><br />Torales J, Barrios I, Villalba J. Alternative Therapies for Excoriation (Skin Picking) Disorder: A Brief Update. Adv Mind Body Med. 2017 Winter;31(1):10-13. PMID: 28183072.<br /><br /><br />Want to know more about mental health and self-improvement? On this channel I discuss topics such as bipolar disorder, major depression, anxiety disorders, attention deficit disorder (ADHD), relationships and personal development/self-improvement. I upload weekly. If you don’t want to miss a video, click here to subscribe. <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/DFfT33">https://goo.gl/DFfT33</a> <br /><br />Disclaimer: All of the information on this channel is for educational purposes and not intended to be specific/personal medical advice from me to you. Watching the videos or getting answers to comments/question, does not establish a doctor-patient relationship. If you have your own doctor, perhaps these videos can help prepare you for your discussion with your doctor.{% endraw %}
