---
title: "A \"Win\" for the Anti-Bribery Statement & the Foreign Registration Statement in Traffic Court!!!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/i-IhUdKf3pY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "i-IhUdKf3pY"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Educational"]
date: "2021-10-14T00:21:18+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-10-17T04:31:41Z"
duration: "PT19M23S"
viewcount: "10136"
likeCount: "517"
dislikeCount: "9"
channel: "Chancellor Solicitor Free Inhabitant"
---
{% raw %}My Email: freeinhabitantlivingman@gail.com<br /><br />We offer our documents to the public for a freewill offering donation, you do not have to sit back and worrying about what exactly you need to say, we help you out with that tailored just for you. If your interested in donating for the below documents our email is also above:<br /><br />1. Attorney General Affidavit - REQUEST FOR ANTI-BRIBERY STATEMENT &amp; FOREIGN REGISTRATION STATEMENT.<br /><br />2. (1st) Affidavit Letter to Attorney &amp; Judge in regards to you getting Tickets, and Learn How to Beat them - by Requesting for their Foreign Registration Statement Act of 1938 and the Judges Anti-Bribery Statement.<br /><br />3. (2nd Notice, Letter of Enforcement Violation Notice) to Attorney &amp; Judge Affidavit in regards to you getting Tickets, and Learn How to Beat them - by Requesting for their Foreign Registration Statement Act of 1938 and the Judges Anti-Bribery Statement. <br /><br />(This video above goes with the Anti-Bribery Video) - Tickets can be beat, with intelligence, understanding on what to ask for! - <br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzW8IUBo71E">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzW8IUBo71E</a><br /><br /><br />(THIS DOCUMENT HERE IS FOR FOR MORTGAGE FORECLOSURES)<br />4. Affidavit – F.O.I.A. Request Audit against the Judges Finances in lieu of the BANKS paying Judges off to STEAL/THEFT your Home, so we need to demand questions on who`s paying that judge off!<br /><br />This document is &quot;explicitly&quot; just for (Mortgage Foreclosures), the Judges as well as all others who are doing business with these criminal Court Firms on auditing these criminals! ! ! So we file this and watched the Judges recused themselves OFF the case trying to steal People`s Homes, they did not want to have nothing to do with the matter after that cause we demanding for particular things that most have no clue on demanding for!!!<br /><br />(You BUST them “Judges” for Intrinsic FRAUD and Non-Disclosure for allowing the BANKS to Bribe them ALL!!!)<br /><br />5. Affidavit in lieu of Demand for Sheriff`s Oath &amp; Fidelity Surety Bond Insurance<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />DISCLAIMER: This  video contains the opinions and suggestions of the video creator who believe his conclusions to be true. He also study the law as in its most common sense, intensely so, but is not an attorney, his conclusions are presented as a sharing of his first hand knowledge. No representation is made that the information and ideas shown on this  video are accurate or advisable due to one`s own ignorance if not accurately performed, and should be looked at as such. You must base your decisions solely on your own independent investigations and conclusions and your will to study for self.{% endraw %}
