---
title: "Uncomfortably Numb (3 of 3) Reward \/ Immunity Challenge | Survivor 41 | S41E09: Who's Who in the Zoo"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/tihX22KcHsc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "tihX22KcHsc"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Parvati","Shallow","Parvati Shallow"]
date: "2021-11-19T07:07:16+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-18T16:07:41Z"
duration: "PT3M35S"
viewcount: "9828"
likeCount: "111"
dislikeCount: "2"
channel: "Survivor Geek"
---
{% raw %}Each person will balance their feet on a very narrow perch adjusted for their height while holding a handle above their head. If at any point, they let go of the handle or a foot comes off the perch, they are out of the challenge.<br />Additional Stipulation: The challenge is split into teams of two.<br />Reward: Chicken and beef stew<br /><br />Please support me by installing my Puzzles from Survivor app:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/puzzle-cluster/id1460284314">https://apps.apple.com/us/app/puzzle-cluster/id1460284314</a><br /><br />Survivor Geek Merchandise Store: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://my-store-b9e4cb.creator-spring.com/">https://my-store-b9e4cb.creator-spring.com/</a><br /><br />Alliance Tracker for Survivor app:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/alliance-tracker-for-survivor/id1486051580">https://apps.apple.com/us/app/alliance-tracker-for-survivor/id1486051580</a><br /><br />#Survivor #SuvivorSuperFan #SurvivorGeek<br /><br />Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/RyanTensmeyer">https://twitter.com/RyanTensmeyer</a><br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://survivor.fandom.com/wiki/Who%27s_Who_in_the_Zoo">https://survivor.fandom.com/wiki/Who%27s_Who_in_the_Zoo</a><br />Who's Who in the Zoo is the ninth episode of Survivor 41.<br />Reward/Immunity Challenge: Uncomfortably Numb<br />Winners: Erika Casupanan (Yellow Team) and Xander Hastings (Blue Team)<br /><br />Final Words<br />Naseer<br />“Unfortunately, I was blindsided. But did I enjoy every moment here? Absolutey, 100%. It was my dream to be on Survivor and to enjoy Survivor. And I did it every single moment I'm here.”<br /><br />Evvie<br />“Well, you know, they got me. That's Survivor. I honestly am not exactly sure who flipped on me. But I was living on borrowed time anyway. You know, I did my best. I'm incredibly proud of myself like I had an absolute blast. I can't complain. Survivor's the best game I'm on. I'm so happy to be a part of it. Any queer kids out there, be yourself. You're amazing. Love yourself.”<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://survivor.fandom.com/wiki/Uncomfortably_Numb">https://survivor.fandom.com/wiki/Uncomfortably_Numb</a><br /><br />Uncomfortably Numb is a recurring endurance challenge in Survivor. The challenge debuted in Survivor: San Juan del Sur and has since re-appeared in Kaôh Rōng, David vs. Goliath, and 41.<br /><br />Rules<br />Each person will balance their feet on a very narrow perch adjusted for their height while holding a handle above their head. If at any point, they let go of the handle or a foot comes off the perch, they are out of the challenge. The last person left standing wins.<br /><br />History<br />The challenge debuted as the final nine Immunity Challenge in San Juan del Sur. In addition to staying on the perch, host Jeff Probst also tempted castaways throughout the challenge to step down in exchange for food. After over three hours, the challenge came down to Natalie Anderson and Reed Kelly. Realizing that she was not going to be able to outlast Reed, Natalie bargained for a large platter of food from Jeff before stepping down, giving Reed immunity.<br /><br />The challenge re-appeared in Kaôh Rōng as the final ten Immunity Challenge. Early on, Jeff Probst announced that he would only offer food at one point in the challenge, causing several castaways to drop out and take the large platter of food. Eventually, the challenge came down to Cydney Gillon and Tai Trang. After over 40 minutes, Cydney dropped and Tai won immunity.<br /><br />The challenge appeared in David vs. Goliath, once again as the final ten Immunity Challenge. Before the challenge, Jeff Probst offered the castaways a large plate of nachos, margaritas, and beer in exchange for not competing in the challenge. Angelina Keeley, Carl Boudreaux, and Nick Wilson decided to opt out and take the plate of nachos. After over five and a half hours, the challenge came down to Alec Merlino and Christian Hubicki, the latter of whom employed the strategy of irritating Alec with a prolonged monologue. Despite desperately needing immunity, Alec could not hold on, allowing Christian to win immunity.<br /><br />The challenge appeared in 41, yet again as the final ten Immunity Challenge. The Viakana tribe was split into two teams of five. On the yellow team, Erika Casupanan outlasted Naseer Muttalif to win immunity. On the blue team, Xander Hastings beat out Deshawn Radden after a 30 minute challenge to win immunity. In addition, for being the overall winner of the challenge, Xander won a reward of chicken and beef stew for the blue team.<br /><br />Trivia<br />This challenge's name is a reference to the song Comfortably Numb by Pink Floyd.<br />All three times this challenge appeared:<br />It was used as an individual Immunity Challenge.<br />A male won the challenge.<br />A male was voted out at the next Tribal Council.<br />Despite food temptations being offered each of the first three times this challenge appeared, it has been done a different way each time:<br />In San Juan del Sur, host Jeff Probst tempted the castaways with food throughout the challenge.<br />In Kaôh Rōng, Probst announced that he would only tempt the castaways with food once at an early point in the challenge.<br />In David vs. Goliath, Probst offered food to the castaways before the challenge, provided that they sit out and give up their shot at immunity.{% endraw %}
