---
title: "ALEX JONES RETURNS | Flagrant 2 with Andrew Schulz and Akaash Singh"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/vQNvhNfIRME\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "vQNvhNfIRME"
categories: "Comedy"
tags: ["andrew schulz","andrew schultz","comedy"]
date: "2021-09-14T05:42:26+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-22T14:00:18Z"
duration: "PT2H46M44S"
viewcount: "1347654"
likeCount: "51874"
dislikeCount: "973"
channel: "Flagrant 2"
---
{% raw %}Timecodes:<br />0:00 - START <br />0:55 - wonder woman joins the pod<br />3:27 - It’s not Wonder Woman and broken bottle!<br />7:00 - Will this episode be censored??<br />10:15 - Alex Jones loses his clothes<br />11:00 - Alex Jones has the largest WHAT<br />15:00 - Alex Jones calls out the Paul Brothers in boxing<br />18:30 - Jon Stewart joined the ranks of conspiracy theorists<br />29:00 - How much money does Alex Jones have?<br />33:15 - Head of youtube Explains why she banned Alex<br />35:18 - Alex jones is a virgin<br />38:10 - Stylebender wants to fight Alex Jones<br />43:15 - Andrew Yang has been tapped<br />54:40 - trump was one of the worst things to happen to America<br />1:06:12 - The sexual dominance with power<br />1:16:00 - Alex Jones should do stand up comedy<br />1:20:40 - What will be the reaction to Alex Jones’ death?<br />1:38:42 - Alex Jones is the most interesting man on the planet<br />1:46:12 - Why show business is bad for children<br />1:52:25 - Hunter Biden Is A Painter Now?<br />2:06:27 - UFO’s are from the Earth<br />2:25:30 - Alex Jones’ Explains what happened at the Capitol Riots<br /><br />Video By - AlexxMedia<br /><br />The views and opinions expressed by those found in this video belong to the speakers or authors alone and do not reflect or represent the views and opinions held by YouTube. Its partners and/or its owners.<br />The information contained in this video has been produced with no warranty, expressed or implied to the validity, accuracy, reliability, completeness, legality or usefulness of what is said or expressed. No persons viewing or listening to this video should seek to rely on the information found within the video. <br />The views expressed by the speakers or authors are done so in an “Artistic” manner as defined within the YouTube guidelines and has been produced purely for entertainment purposes only.<br />The owners of the channels as well as the speakers in the video will never condone hate speech and condemn it in all its entirety.<br /><br />Flagrant 2 is a comedy podcast that delivers unfiltered, unapologetic, and unruly hot takes directly to your dome piece. In an era dictated by political correctness, hosts Andrew Schulz and Akaash Singh, along with AlexxMedia and Mark Gagnon, could care less about sensitivities. If it’s funny and flagrant it flies. If you are sensitive this podcast is not for you. But if you miss the days of comedians actually being funny instead of preaching to a quire then welcome to The Flagrancy.<br /><br />Join the Patreon Asshole Army:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/2xQwHYf">http://bit.ly/2xQwHYf</a><br /><br />#Flagrant2 #AndrewSchulz #AkaashSingh #AlexxMedia<br /><br />New York native and internationally touring stand-up, Andrew Schulz is known for his hilarious and unsafe comedy. He has starred in the sitcom BENDERS (now available on Netflix), can be seen in Amazon’s SNEAKY PETE, HBO’s CRASHING, and on MTV including GUY CODE and GIRL CODE. <br />In the podcast realm, Schulz can be heard on the wildly popular THE BRILLIANT IDIOTS — co-hosted by nationally syndicated radio and television personality Charlamagne tha God — the hilarious sports commentary podcast FLAGRANT 2, and the film and TV analysis podcast WESTERBROS. He has made major appearances on The Joe Rogan Experience, Bert Kreischer’s BERTCAST, Joey “coco” Diaz The Chuch of What’s Happening Now, and Theo Von’s This Past Weekend. He has even done solo interviews with the likes of Lil Duval and many others. <br />Andrew’s online presence has touched hundreds of millions of people across the globe and his unconventionally funny approach to the comedy world has launched him into stardome. His shows Dropping In and Inside Jokes will rack of hundreds of thousands of views weekly. Nothing is off limits for Schulz, from sex to race, and even the occasional audience heckler roast, Andrew is hungry to be the best. He can be seen in New York City performing regularly at New York Comedy Club and the Comedy Cellar.{% endraw %}
