---
title: "Stretch - Why Did You Do It • TopPop"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/smg2S8CssQU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "smg2S8CssQU"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["eighties","Swing Music (Musical Genre)","Toppop"]
date: "2021-10-11T15:29:20+03:00"
vid_date: "2015-10-22T08:52:36Z"
duration: "PT3M27S"
viewcount: "286381"
likeCount: "3836"
dislikeCount: "103"
channel: "TopPop"
---
{% raw %}Stretch were a 1970s British rock band that grew from the collaboration between Elmer Gantry (real name Dave Terry) and Kirby (real name Graham) Gregory. Gantry had been the frontman of Elmer Gantry's Velvet Opera. Kirby had been a member of Curved Air. <br /><br />The band was put together in 1974 with help from Fleetwood Mac manager Clifford Davis and drummer Mick Fleetwood to perform as Fleetwood Mac on a US tour because the existing Fleetwood Mac were not in a position to fulfil outstanding contractual obligations. <br />However, Fleetwood did not join the tour as planned, and later denied any knowledge or involvement, and partway through the tour it became obvious to audiences that there was no original member of Fleetwood Mac in the band, and the tour collapsed. Bass player Paul Martinez claimed, &quot;Mick Fleetwood pulled out at the last minute claiming not to know who we were!<br /><br />Stretch rose from the ashes of this debacle, and soon had a No. 16 hit single in November 1975 with &quot;Why Did You Do It?” the lyric of which was a direct attack on Mick Fleetwood for his failure to join the band on the ill-fated US tour. <br />In the official video for the record bass player Paul Martinez wore a traditional keffiyeh head-dress. Besides bass player Martinez, guitarist Kirby and Jim Russell on drums and tambourine, the single featured electric guitar by Hiroshi Kato and horns by Bud Beadle, Chris Mercer, Mick Eve, Mike Bailey and Ron Carthy.<br /><br />This Toppop video was recorded on 13 February 1976<br />The single reached to no. 6 in the Dutch Top 40 in March 1976.<br /><br />Watch our great music videos ❯ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/feVLNN">https://goo.gl/feVLNN</a><br />More TopPop? Subscribe here ❯ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/aICMxi">https://goo.gl/aICMxi</a><br />More info on Wikipedia ❯ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TopPop">https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TopPop</a><br /><br />Broadcast date: 1976-02-13<br /><br />This is to let you know that the video recording of the video clip was originally recorded by AVROTROS Broadcasting. AVROTROS Broadcasting hereby warrants and represents that it is the sole and exclusive owner of the physical film and/or videotape footage in this video clip. <br /><br />The performance of the artist(s) in the clip was filmed and recorded with the written consent of the artist(s) and their representatives.<br /><br />AVROTROS is a Dutch radio and television broadcaster, founded in 2014 from a merger of AVRO and TROS. From January 1st, 2014 the name of the merged broadcaster was used in joint programmes. AVRO was founded in 1923 as the Netherlands first public broadcaster. TROS started broadcasting in 1964. Toppop was a weekly AVRO pop program that was aired between 1970 and 1988.<br /><br />AVROTROS Broadcasting<br />PO Box 2<br />1200 JA Hilversum<br />The Netherlands<br /><br />TopPop was the first regular dedicated pop music TV show in the Dutch language area. Dutch broadcaster AVRO aired the programme weekly, from 1970 to 1988. Presenter Ad Visser hosted the show for its first fifteen years.<br />World famous music artists performed on TopPop: ABBA, 10CC, Bee Gees, The Jacksons with Michael Jackson, David Bowie, Earth &amp; Fire, Queen, Golden Earring, Boney M, KC &amp; The Sunshine Band, Chic, Donna Summer and many many more.{% endraw %}
