---
title: "How to Invest In Stocks for Beginners 2021 [FREE COURSE]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/giGcuofIYis\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "giGcuofIYis"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["how to invest in stocks","how to stock market","stocks for beginners 2021"]
date: "2021-10-18T14:19:27+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-04-01T16:00:17Z"
duration: "PT1H3M16S"
viewcount: "958663"
likeCount: "45140"
dislikeCount: "311"
channel: "Charlie Chang"
---
{% raw %}In this FREE 1 hour long course, I'm showing you how to invest in stocks for beginners! This is a full-length, 100% free beginner's guide that will take you step by step through investing your first $100. By the end of this video, you'll know EXACTLY how to make money investing in the stock market. <br /><br />And more importantly, I will give you the actionable steps you need to take today to start investing and letting your money grow. The wealthy tend to keep very little of their cash in a bank account - rather, it is usually invested in stocks, real estate, or other investments. This is a super important concept and will help you create substantial wealth over your lifetime.<br /><br />If you found this video helpful, please consider using my links below to open your account! It doesn't cost you anything extra and you'll actually get free stocks for signing up :)<br /><br />Get started investing today:<br /><br />► Get 2 free stocks with Webull worth up to $2300 (when you invest $5 or more):<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://act.webull.com/kol-us/share.html?hl=en&amp;inviteCode=gnRA9ZYGlRkS">https://act.webull.com/kol-us/share.html?hl=en&amp;inviteCode=gnRA9ZYGlRkS</a><br />^Make sure you invest at least $5 in order to get the second free stock, which should be worth significantly more than the first!<br /><br />► Get a free stock when you open a Robinhood account and deposit any amount!:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://robinhood.c3me6x.net/d4J57">https://robinhood.c3me6x.net/d4J57</a><br /><br />► Use my link and get your first $5,000 managed free with Wealthfront:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://invest.wealthfront.com/charlie">http://invest.wealthfront.com/charlie</a><br /><br />► Get a FREE Stock with Moomoo when you deposit $100:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://j.moomoo.com/008ai7">https://j.moomoo.com/008ai7</a><br /><br />Timeline:<br />0:00 - Introduction<br />0:22 - What topics we will cover<br />3:23 - My background<br />4:06 - Why you need to invest ASAP<br />7:06 - What is the stock market?<br />8:38 - Definition of a stock<br />9:41 - Types of stocks you can buy<br />12:03 - Risk tolerance<br />13:17 - Intro to the VOO ETF (a great index fund)<br />14:12 - Types of brokerage accounts<br />17:06 - How to set up a stock trading account<br />19:49 - Walkthrough of Robinhood<br />23:56 - Walkthrough of Webull<br />26:23 - Introduction to robo-advisors and Wealthfront<br />29:12 - Types of trades<br />30:55 - How to research stocks - we will go over key terms and examples you should know<br />37:45 - Walkthrough of analyzing a stock<br />41:23 - Timing the market<br />43:00 - Dollar cost averaging<br />43:49 - How to make money with stocks (appreciation vs dividends)<br />46:06 - Tax implications of investing<br />47:39 - Long term vs short term capital gains<br />49:07 - Retirement accounts<br />50:07 - Tax Loss Harvesting<br />52:13 - Warren Buffett's principles of investing<br />54:02 - Value vs Momentum investing<br />55:44 - Why you NEED to invest early<br />57:53 - How much should you invest?<br />59:39 - Due Diligence &amp; further research<br />1:01:36 - Actionable steps to take now<br /><br />Thank you for watching and happy investing! If you found the video helpful, feel free to share it with a friend. And like and subscribe for more content just like this!<br /><br />-Charlie<br /><br />#HowToInvest #StockMarket #FreeCourse<br /><br />Wealthfront Advisers LLC (“Wealthfront Advisers”) and Charlie Chang have an agreement in place to promote Wealthfront products and services. There is no formal relationship with Charlie Chang aside from this agreement. Any links provided by Charlie Chang are not intended to imply that Wealthfront Advisers or its affiliates endorses, sponsors, promotes and/or is affiliated with the owners of or participants in those sites, or endorses any information contained on those sites or in this material, unless expressly stated otherwise. Investment advisory services are provided by Wealthfront Advisers, an SEC-registered investment adviser, and brokerage products and services are provided by Wealthfront Brokerage LLC, Member FINRA/SIPC. Nothing in this communication should be construed as tax advice, an offer, recommendation, or solicitation to buy or sell any security. All investing involves risk, including the possible loss of money you invest, and past performance does not guarantee future performance.{% endraw %}
