---
title: "Peter Schiff: Banks Will Seize Your Money In This Coming Financial Crisis (And Everything You Own)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/mKxYMWB9oBs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "mKxYMWB9oBs"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["peter schiff","peter schiff gold","peter schiff gold analysis"]
date: "2021-09-18T04:50:17+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-13T16:00:33Z"
duration: "PT8M42S"
viewcount: "45738"
likeCount: "1251"
dislikeCount: "37"
channel: "Two Dollars Investing"
---
{% raw %}Peter Schiff: Banks Will Seize Your Money In This Coming Financial Crisis (And Everything You Own)<br /><br />Peter Schiff shares with us his thoughts on the up coming financial crisis he believes will be the worse<br /><br />📺AIR DATE:  28th August 2021<br />CREDITS: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCByLOaisZPyJ9E0lT0CqKYg">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCByLOaisZPyJ9E0lT0CqKYg</a><br />---------------------<br />Thank you so much for watching! <br />🔑 Do Subscribe To Beat The S&amp;P 500!: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/2MHOnQp">http://bit.ly/2MHOnQp</a><br /><br />If you’re new to this channel then I want to welcome you to “Two Dollars Investing”. This channel is all about business/Investing/financial education, helping mainly entrepreneurs grow smarter and more financially stable in today’s society. We try our best to create the best inspirational videos/financial education videos to help to lift you up when you’re down and to inform you, so that you can become a better person in business and in life. <br /><br />We try our best to feature legends such as Warren Buffett, Robert Kiyosaki, Graham Stephan, Dave Ramsey, Ray Dalio and many more. So please be sure to hit the like button to show your appreciation and be sure to subscribe for more from us.<br /><br />Two Dollars Investing makes these videos with the intention of educating others in a motivational/inspirational form. <br />We do not own the clips and music we use in most cases. <br />Our understanding is that it is in correlation to Fair Right Use, however, given that it is open to interpretation, if any owners of the content clips would like us to remove the video, we have no problem with that and will do so as fast as possible. <br />Two Dollars Investing makes these videos with the intention of educating others in a motivational/inspirational form. <br /><br />FAIR-USE COPYRIGHT DISCLAIMER: <br />Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, commenting, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational, or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use. <br /><br />-This video has no negative impact on the original works (It would actually be positive for them) <br />-This video is also for teaching and inspirational purposes. <br />-We've only used bits and pieces of videos to get the point across where necessary<br /><br />#peterschiff #peterschiffinflation #peterschiffeconomy #peterschiffgold #twodollarsinvesting{% endraw %}
