---
title: "Breaking News! Jeremy Hogan on SEC's Fizzling Case Against Ripple"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/2N6ckwp1H4M\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "2N6ckwp1H4M"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["xrp news today","ripple","ripple xrp"]
date: "2021-09-29T16:35:35+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-28T19:30:00Z"
duration: "PT8M27S"
viewcount: "1662"
likeCount: "77"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "XRP Vault"
---
{% raw %}Breaking News! Jeremy Hogan on SEC's Fizzling Case Against Ripple<br /><br />Today in this video we’re gonna talk about everything XRP, Ripple, XRP Ripple, XRP News Today,  XRP News, XRP Price Prediction, Ripple XRP and MORE! The crypto space is always surprising us, so try to keep up with the cryptocurrency news!<br /><br />The attorney says the correlation with other crypto assets is likely “Ripple’s strongest defense” in their lawsuit with the top regulator. The legal expert points to a research paper from 2018 by Andrew Burnie of the Alan Turing Institute that outlines how the price of various cryptocurrencies correlate with each other. According to the paper, XRP is correlated to ADA by a factor of over 70%.<br /><br />#XRP #Ripple #Crypto<br />_____________________________________________________<br /><br />Hope you guys enjoy this!      <br />🚀 If you enjoy this video, please like it and share it.      <br />🚀 Don't forget to subscribe to this channel for more updates.      <br />🚀 Subscribe now @XRP Vault <br /><br />Related Videos: <br />1. BREAKING NEWS | THE FED JUST SECRETLY COLLAPSED NEW SYSTEM IS NEEDED | RIPPLE/XRP HAS BROKEN THE SEC | <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/YPkSlBd_RGI">https://youtu.be/YPkSlBd_RGI</a><br />2. REVEALED | COIN BUREAU LAST SECRET WARNING TO XRP HOLDERS | XRP NEWS TODAY | <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/ytrwSbRapeg">https://youtu.be/ytrwSbRapeg</a><br />3. BITBOY HAS NOT REVEALED THIS NEWS YET XRP | WHY RIPPLE PRICE WILL EXPLODE OVERNIGHT! <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/sx4MmCxcbcY">https://youtu.be/sx4MmCxcbcY</a><br /><br />Contact: cryptovault101@gmail.com<br /><br />Tags:  xrp,xrp news,ripple xrp,xrp ripple,xrp news today,xrp price,xrp price prediction,xrp coin,ripple xrp news,ripple xrp price,xrp prediction,ripple,xrp crypto,crypto,ripple xrp news today,crypto news,cryptocurrency,ripple news,xrp today,xrp cryptocurrency,xrp ripple news,ripple price,xrp price today,xrp, jeremy hogan, jeremy, hogan <br /><br />► Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational, or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.<br />Please be advised that the content of my media is my personal opinion and is intended for general information purposes only, not financial advice. Nothing herein shall be construed to be financial, legal or tax advice. The content of this video is solely the opinions of the speaker who is not a licensed financial advisor or registered investment advisor. Purchasing cryptocurrencies poses considerable risk of loss. The speaker will not be held responsible for any losses or gains. Always do your own research and advise with a professional before making your own investments.{% endraw %}
