---
title: "Had a satisfying Breakfast with Sweet potatoes & Edible flower bouquet for Tea time| Traditional Me"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/KTHNj5nAd2E\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "KTHNj5nAd2E"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["cooking","recipe","traditional"]
date: "2021-11-09T14:13:06+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-06T13:06:20Z"
duration: "PT24M50S"
viewcount: "412660"
likeCount: "15484"
dislikeCount: "354"
channel: "Traditional Me"
---
{% raw %}Now it’s the rainy season with gloomy skies and continuous rain in the night for past many weeks. On and off we get a bit of sun shine in the morning. I sent some sweet potatoes which I dug in the previous day to elder aunty’s house. Yet there were lot of them left in our house. I thought of boiling some sweet potatoes for breakfast and indeed it’s a divinely dish together with freshly grated coconut and chilli sambol. Some times I used to temper the chilli sambol either with garlic or curry leaves. But, today for a change I tempered the freshly ground chilli sambol with garlic and mustard. <br /><br />These days the mood is kind of lazy to go out due to constant afternoon rain. So early morning, I picked some sweet potato leaves to make a curry for the lunch. After seeing the sweet potato leaves, suddenly brother wanted me to make an unusual dish out of them. Well it was not that unusual as I have made that dish before too. Actually the method is to de-skin the boiled sweet potatoes, then add  finely cut bird eye chillies with sweet potato leaves, cumin seeds, grated coconut and to temper it. May be it could be an unusual dish when the eye catching coconut mix and the hot and spicy accompaniment compliment with each other. I am a girl who doesn’t have patience to cook any dish under stress or on my brothers terms, even though I have cooked so many of his favourite dishes. Hence I prepared all the required ingredients, and moved out of the kitchen to let him cook the dish as per his own terms and conditions. Even though I didn’t mention it, I love to eat brothers hastily cooked scrumptious dishes. Like a pro ,he cooked his special dish and had arranged it on the breakfast table along with the other dishes prepared by me and gave a big shout to me, saying the breakfast was ready.<br /><br />It didn’t rain in the morning, though I thought that it will start pouring in the evening. But by looking at the gloomy sky with dark clouds, it was obvious that the sky was getting ready for a down pour in the night. Yet I saw brother was chopping firewood in the evening. Well It was a good idea to be ready in advance for the coming weeks due to this constant rain. After finely slicing the rest of the sweet potatoes, I made a tasty tea time sweet by deep frying them, and dusting with powdered sugar. It was a fun to make sweet by deep frying the finely sliced sweet potatoes, then rolling them  and insert each rolled sweet potato roll into thin skewers. I really like that crisp, crunchy sound when biting them. After deep frying each of these rolls, I dusted them with powdered sugar mixed with powdered fennel seeds, cardamom and cinnamon. When you take few of those golden deep fried sweet potato rolls skewers with dusted powdered sugar, they truly looked so lovely like a bouquet of golden roses dressed in tiny snow flakes and they sure were tasted so delicious too.<br /><br />Love you All!<br />Nadee<br /><br />© All rights reserved<br />Had a satisfying Breakfast with Sweet potatoes &amp; Eatable flower bouquet for Tea time (Sweet potato part 2)<br /><br />Watch part 1 (Sweet potatoes! best with aromatic spices as a curry as well as a Sweet dessert)<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P21kgzj1IYM">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P21kgzj1IYM</a><br /><br />*Turn CC on for subtitles<br /><br />乡村烹饪 cuisine de village गाँव का खाना बनाना cucina del villaggio طبخ القرية Dorfkochen 村の料理 dorp koken 마을 요리 pagluluto ng nayon деревенская кухня cozinha da vila ഗ്രാമീണ പാചകം cocina del pueblo গ্রাম রান্না vesnické vaření landsby madlavning ចម្អិនអាហារតាមភូមិ kylän ruoanlaitto गाउँ खाना पकाउने masakan desa கிராம சமையல் masakan kampung หมู่บ้านทำอาหาร gotowanie na wsi köy pişirme làng nấu ăn ရွာချက်ပြုတ် μαγειρική στο χωριό villa coctione<br /><br />Inspired by 李子柒 Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge<br /><br />Watch all my videos(playlist) - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gz7Dd......">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gz7Dd......</a><br />Music - Traditional Me © <br />FACEBOOK : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/traditionalm...">https://www.facebook.com/traditionalm...</a><br /><br />#villagecooking​​​​​ #srilankanfood​​​​​ #traditionalme​​​​​ #village​​​​​ #villagelife​​​​​ #villagefood​​​​​ #nadee​​​​​ #countryfood​​​​​ #dessert​​​ #srilankancooking{% endraw %}
