---
title: "PERIPHERY - Luck As A Constant"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/G8nM0LTxTOo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "G8nM0LTxTOo"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["periphery","periphery 2","periphery II"]
date: "2021-11-21T15:28:59+03:00"
vid_date: "2012-07-14T10:54:23Z"
duration: "PT6M5S"
viewcount: "918754"
likeCount: "5983"
dislikeCount: "109"
channel: "Sumerian Records"
---
{% raw %}This song started out with a set of clean riffs that I had been jamming around with on a Line 6 DL4.  I was using the looping function to create clean layers, and you can also have delay going on the patch you are playing, so I was messing with these riffs that used the delay patterns as a rhythm to fill in the gaps, and layering them till I got something pretty.  I had also been messing around with the first riff and realized that one led nicely into another I invited Jake over one day and we tracked the basic idea of the song which you can find on my Soundclick page.  Jake had some riffs that he had been sitting on that just worked so well with the vibe of my riffs, you gotta love days like those!  The first heavy riff is a riff that really uses 3 guitars to their full potential, because there are 3 lines that are either harmonizing or providing counterpoint at most times and it gives the riff a real wall of sound, where it may even be tough to discern which guitar is playing exactly what, but I just thought it had such a cool and rather unique sound, and the harmonies/counterpoint to the riff i had originally written came surprisingly fast.  The demo ends with the clean riff from the beginning coming back a little differently, and I had a general idea of what I wanted the song to do, but I just never got around to it, and I kinda left the song alone for a while.  When we were doing preproduction for the album, the original plan had been to do enough repeats for a vocal line and then to go into a lead that would end the song.  I told that he shoud write the solo for that section, but for some reason I ended up jamming over the riff and coming up with a solo that I was very happy with (which is so rare) so we decided to extend the ending section, and Jake and I could trade off solos.  The vocals actually came together on this very song at the end of the recording process, and I didn't hear them until the album was actually getting mixed, but I think Spencer really brought this song to life with his vocals, and the end section of the song is probably one of my favorite vocal lines that he has written, I couldn't imagine a better line over that part!  The title of the song refers to the fact that I consider luck to be a very big part of my writing process, and how I almost rely on luck as a constant in my writing process rather than treating it as the variable that it truly is. - Misha<br /><br />Here is a classic example of Misha and I writing a song together, we were working on riffs totally separate from each other back in 2008, I think, and magically everything worked together and turned into this rather unconventional arrangement. Interestingly enough, this song remained unfinished until recently, the whole melodic ending was written in the studio and has stood out to me as one of my favorite parts of the album. Misha and I got to finally trade off some lead work at the very end of the song which is cool because it totally showcases a different side of our playing styles and you can really hear distinction between the two of us. - Jake<br /><br />PERIPHERY &quot;Periphery II&quot; - available NOW!  <br />In stores and online!<br /><br />Periphery Merch AVAILABLE HERE:  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/bVhQ6r">http://bit.ly/bVhQ6r</a><br /><br />www.itunes.com/periphery<br />www.facebook.com/peripheryband <br />www.facebook.com/sumerianrecords<br />www.twitter.com/sumerianrecords <br />www.sumerianrecords.com{% endraw %}
