---
title: "Life-Changing 8 Hr. Sleep #Hypnosis: Get Clarity, Truth, & Answers From Deep, Untapped Higher Self"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/t71l1FeLHsw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "t71l1FeLHsw"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Life-Changing","Sleep","#Hypnosis:"]
date: "2021-11-10T18:09:20+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-02-13T16:17:59Z"
duration: "PT8H1S"
viewcount: "571770"
likeCount: "9974"
dislikeCount: "673"
channel: "Mindful Waves Studio"
---
{% raw %}#sleephypnosis #higherself<br /><br />Need some clarity? Want to know the answers to difficult questions? Want to discover the truth that gets hidden during the day-to-day busy-ness of life?<br /><br />Welcome to a truly unique odyssey: part meditation, part hypnosis.<br /><br />It's time to receive clear and meaningful answers from the highest version of yourself.<br /><br />We designed this meditation to help you relax fully, get clarity and insight about who you are, then fall into the deepest, most positive night of sleep. This sleep journey will give you a grander vision of your dreams and how to reach them.<br /><br />Play this long meditation just before bed to guide you on an odyssey. Once you start the meditation, it's very important to allow yourself the full journey for your own transformation.<br /><br />___<br /><br />For the complete library of Mindful Waves Studio meditations, affirmations, hypnosis, and much more, visit <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://mindfulwavesstudio.com/">https://mindfulwavesstudio.com/</a><br /><br />Your support of Mindful Waves Studio in the form of likes, shares, subscribes, and donations is greatly appreciated. <br /><br />If I’ve helped make your life better, consider making mine better (so I can keep making more content at a greater quality and frequency):<br /><br />💊 PayPal “tip jar”: <br />👁 <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://paypal.me/alexstridehouse">https://paypal.me/alexstridehouse</a><br />👁 clarketchazottes@gmail.com<br /><br />💊 Easiest way to say thanks if I’ve helped you: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ko-fi.com/alexbridgewater">https://ko-fi.com/alexbridgewater</a><br /><br />💊 Mindful Waves Studio Patreon: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/mindfulwavesstudio">https://www.patreon.com/mindfulwavesstudio</a><br /><br />Mindful Waves Studio: specializing in guided meditations, sleep cycle meditations, sleep hypnosis, multi wave hypnosis, visualizations, affirmations, sleep affirmations, sleep reprogramming, positive subconscious programming, theta wave rewiring, tips to sleep better and how to get healing sleep.<br /><br />You know you are great, confident, unique, and meant to be more.<br />Maybe you feel misunderstood. You might be an #empath, an intuitive, a healer, an #alphamale, an #alphafemale, a #sigmamale.<br />We all have limitations, self-imposed or from outside of you.<br /><br />It’s time to break free from the shackles of manipulation, toxicity, triggers, lies, and all attempts to make us feel misunderstood, vulnerable, disconnected, and exposed. Any person can feel completely satisfied with who they are, dream and manifest what they want, and have the tools to be the very best mental version of themselves.<br /><br />___<br /><br />Disclaimer<br /><br />Any information on diseases, disorders, illnesses, and treatments available on this channel is intended for entertainment purposes only and must never be considered a substitute for real advice provided by a doctor, mental healthcare professional, or other qualified healthcare professional.<br /><br />Always seek the advice of your qualified healthcare professional with questions.<br /><br />Although Mindful Waves Studio takes all reasonable care to ensure that the contents of the channel are accurate and up-to-date, all information contained on it is provided ‘as is’. We make no warranties or representations of any kind concerning the accuracy or suitability of the information contained on the channel.<br /><br />To the extent permitted by mandatory law, Mindful Waves Studio shall not be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of access to or use of any content available on this channel and any of the videos available.<br /><br />In normal person speak, any choice you make while viewing our content or afterwards is your choice. Use this content at your own risk. We are not professional therapists, hypnotists, doctors, or any other professionals and never claim to be.<br /><br />Mindful Waves Studio disclaims any endorsement of views expressed by other YouTube users.<br /><br />All comments will be reviewed by us and may be deleted if deemed inappropriate. The comments/post are from members of the public and do not necessarily reflect the views of Mindful Waves Studio.<br /><br />FAIR USE COPYRIGHT NOTICE<br /><br />The Copyright Laws of the United States recognizes a “fair use” of copyrighted content.  Section 107 of the U.S. Copyright Act states:<br /><br />“Notwithstanding the provisions of sections 106 and 106A, the fair use of a copyrighted work, including such use by reproduction in copies or phonorecords or by any other means specified by that section, for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching (including multiple copies for classroom use), scholarship, or research, is not an infringement of copyright.”<br /><br />This video and our youtube channel in general may contain certain copyrighted works that were not specifically authorized to be used by the copyright holder(s), but which we believe in good faith are protected by federal law and the fair use doctrine for one or more of the reasons noted above.<br /><br />If you have any specific concerns about this video or our position on the fair use defense, please contact us at our channel’s email address so we can discuss amicably.{% endraw %}
