---
title: "557 Marksbury Road Pickering Open House Video Tour"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/kacyaEXqVhs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "kacyaEXqVhs"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["real estate","open house","video tour"]
date: "2021-10-23T03:33:58+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-03-07T01:25:12Z"
duration: "PT9M37S"
viewcount: "4757798"
likeCount: "52096"
dislikeCount: "1902"
channel: "Open House 24"
---
{% raw %}Welcome to 557 Marksbury Road, a magnificent custom-built executive home situated within the high demand West Shore community of Pickering.<br /><br />With superb finishes inside and out, a custom 8’ x 6’ fibreglass double front entry is accented with wrought iron inserts and complete with a European 3-bolt locking system, opening into a home showcasing Canadian-made hardwood flooring; waffled ceilings; exquisite crown moldings and trims; high-end contemporary light fixtures and over 100 LED pot lights - as well as generously sized principal rooms and beautifully appointed private spaces.<br /><br />An entertainer’s dream home - its open concept design, and ease of flow between the formal and informal rooms, can easily accommodate large gatherings - yet is also perfect for intimate get-togethers, especially in the family room, which has the added warmth of a gas fireplace.     <br /><br />A showpiece of luxurious design and craftsmanship, the kitchen is complete with custom cabinetry accented by LED under mount and interior lighting; an exquisitely tiled back splash and quartz countertops; a centre island with vegetable sink and bar fridge; and high end appliances including a custom fridge/freezer, an induction cooktop, as well as built-in dishwasher, wall oven, and microwave - and off the kitchen is a well-designed laundry and mud room with a walk-in pantry, built-in cabinetry, access to the garage, and front load washer and dryer.<br /><br />Between the kitchen and family room is the garden door walk-out onto a large stone patio with custom tempered glass and aluminum railing that steps down to another extensive stone patio in the backyard - and taking advantage of the abundance of warm natural lighting, throughout the home are oversized windows finished with custom Hunter Douglas window treatments for additional privacy.<br /><br />This home has two master suites - the first through a double door entry off the reception hall. This luxurious sized retreat features a walk-in closet with custom organizers; as well as a stunning 5-pc ensuite washroom. Both this washroom and the second level master ensuite have heated tiled floors - while all the washrooms showcase custom cabinetry, quartz counters, as well as high-end Riobel vanity and shower fixtures.<br /><br />A Hollywood-style open-tread hardwood staircase with wrought iron pickets leads to the upper level, where a grand open concept hallway leads to a second family room, gives access to four bedrooms, and to a second laundry room with front load washer and dryer as well as cabinetry and closet storage.<br /><br />The family bedrooms are quite generously sized and naturally bright - with the second bedroom showcasing a 14’ x 14’ walk-in closet and dressing room with custom organizers. This bedroom has its own access to a 5-pc Jack-and-Jill washroom, which it shares with the third bedroom. This bedroom, as well as the fourth bedroom, both have large double closets and windows with transoms, while the fourth bedroom additionally features a double door entry.<br /><br />The upper level family room is warmed by a gas fireplace with stacked stone cladding, and has a walk-out onto a balcony with glass and aluminum railing that has backyard and lake views. A great informal entertaining space, this room also features a wet bar, and access to the common-use 4-pc washroom.<br /><br />The second master suite is exceptionally sized, has a double door entry, a 14’ x 14’ walk-in closet and dressing room with custom organizers, as well as plenty of space for a sitting area - while behind a sliding barn-style entry door is a beautifully finished 4-pc washroom. <br /><br />This home is smart-wired throughout, has 200 AMP service, two furnaces, and the entire property has closed circuit surveillance cameras. Extensively and professionally landscaped with an irrigation system for the lawns and perennial gardens, there is also a gas barbecue line in the backyard - and the home is complete with both an attached heated single car garage and a rear detached double garage with its own 60 AMP service panel, as well exterior driveway parking for up to 12 vehicles in total.<br /><br />Fully, and beautifully finished, the lower level features a cedar-lined custom wine cellar across from the staircase landing, lots of storage, a luxurious 3-pc washroom, a full custom kitchen with stainless steel appliances, a huge 8’ x 30’ cold room with sink, as well as a wonderful open concept flow and design with abundant space for recreational and family use - and there is also a walk-out up to the backyard.<br /><br />Well-situated, this stunning executive home is walking distance to highly rated Frenchman’s Bay Public School, as well as the West Shore Beach and walking trails of Rotary Frenchman’s Bay West Park. Boating enthusiasts will enjoy the proximity of the Frenchman’s Bay Yacht Club - while for commuters, both the Pickering GO Station and access to Hwy 401 are just short drives away.<br /><br />For more information, contact Nasira Malik, of Royal LePage Connect Realty, Brokerage, at (416) 858-7653.{% endraw %}
