---
title: "20 MOMENTS YOU WOULDN'T BELIEVE IF THEY WEREN'T RECORDED!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Y7IEc4jcJnY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Y7IEc4jcJnY"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["20 MOMENTS YOU WOULDN'T BELIEVE IF THEY WEREN'T RECORDED!","20 MOMENTS IF THESE MOMENTS WERE NOT FILMED NO ONE WOULD BELIEVE IT!","Weirdest Unexpected Moments;"]
date: "2021-11-08T04:36:48+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-07T12:00:13Z"
duration: "PT9M4S"
viewcount: "39541"
likeCount: "411"
dislikeCount: "18"
channel: "Q - Did You Know?"
---
{% raw %}Warning: this content is not for children<br />👉Please consider carefully before watching! <br />Thank you! 💕💕<br />Welcome to:  Q-Did You Know? 😍 <br />👉 Today's Topic : 20 MOMENTS YOU WOULDN'T BELIEVE IF THEY WEREN'T RECORDED!<br />In our life, there are many surprising moments have happened, and we wouldn’t believe that they actually happened if just heard it by someone!<br />However, lucky that some of them have been recorded on time so that I could collect them here for you guys to watch! And 20 of those moments will be appearing now!<br />Note: all the moments appear in the video are real, live on tv and recorded by the cameraman. They happened coincidentally, not on purpose. <br />I wrote and edited the script on the Internet, used the “Priemere” app to edit the video, then commented in my own style and added some music to create this interesting video to attract viewers come and watch it!<br />The purpose of this is for entertainment, providing necessary information about surprising moments happened all over the world, not intending to insult any specific individual. Hope you will enjoy it!<br />I have used the right visualization which abides Youtube’s fair user policy. All the videos I use follow the Copyright Disclaimer section 107 of the Copyright Act of 1976, which allowed“fairly used” for purposes such as criticism, commentary, news, reporting, teaching, scholarships, and research<br />If you accidentally see yourself in the video and would like to be removed, then please contact me through my email: thocgao0806@gmail.com before doing any legal actions.<br />Thank you!<br />..............................<br />.................<br />...<br />Good news for my big fans, in order to celebrate my channel getting 3m subscribers, I now have 10 iphone 12 and want to give them to you through joining the lucky draw!<br />If you find this video interesting, then quickly like and share it so that people will get to enjoy these funny moments, subscribe and turn on your notification bell to receive more videos!<br />Then leave a comment telling the reasons why you love this video. Good luck!<br />Note: this is the presents that I want to give to my fans - which is not sponsored by any brands or Youtube. It’s just simply a gift that I use to show my love towards my viewers, not to boost the views. <br />Therefore, I do not accept any spamming comments on my videos.<br />If anyone utilize this to keep spamming on my channel, I will block them, because that means you have violated the Youtube policies!<br />👉 Because the numbers of people playing this is quite a lot so I will only choose 100 people from each video and provide them the code to join in the lucky draw. Thank you for your understanding.<br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />👉 THIS IS A FASCINATING LIST THAT YOU MIGHT BE INTERESTED IN:<br />🔥 EMBARRASSING - INAPPROPRIATE SHOWS ON TV: <br /> <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmysdtJ_faoHNyXt6hr7pPx0Y8fdFTd_a">https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmysdtJ_faoHNyXt6hr7pPx0Y8fdFTd_a</a><br />🔥IF WERE NOT FILMED , NO ONE WOULD BELIEVE: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmysdtJ_faoHOzkGkg32cxrWufDOn-IZR">https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmysdtJ_faoHOzkGkg32cxrWufDOn-IZR</a><br />🔥EMBARRASSING MOMENT IN SPORTS : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmysdtJ_faoEU5KEGxqMg7QAxdNLp4Zxj">https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmysdtJ_faoEU5KEGxqMg7QAxdNLp4Zxj</a>                                        <br />---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Q-Did you know?   <br />👉 This is a channel for entertainment, Knowledge<br />Here are some topics that will be included in our videos:<br />👉  Funniest Moments<br />👉  Strange And Unique Things<br />-------------------------------------------------<br />I use different stock footages : &quot;Both Free And Paid&quot;. <br />All of which falls under fair use. <br />clips of videos that I can find related to the video and search images to visualize the narrative and story that I’m trying to tell.<br />Please subscribe  Thank you so much!<br />TH657-1<br />#Funnymoments #qdidyouknow #Cothebanchuabiet{% endraw %}
