---
title: "Size Doesn't Matter With A GoPro Hero 10"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/pq_6154G-1E\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "pq_6154G-1E"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["yappy","yappy beeman","bee videos"]
date: "2021-11-14T01:27:33+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-13T18:26:52Z"
duration: "PT6M52S"
viewcount: "1112"
likeCount: "208"
dislikeCount: "3"
channel: "Yappy Beeman"
---
{% raw %}Yappy Beeman vs Yellow Jacket Wasp infestation in an apartment using a brand new GoPro Hero 10 Black. <br />  <br />Welcome friends to my little corner of fun. And thank you for taking the time to read a little about this video in the description.<br />  So, as I mentioned in the video, this is a return to a location near Birmingham Alabama that I have removed bees from in the past spring. A real nice complex and great folks to deal with.  A resident came home to find they had some flying bugs inside their apartment. The assumed at that time they were honey bees.  They contacted me to come evaluate and remove them.   <br />  This time of year in the south, things are actually wrapping up as far as bees go.  Finding bee swarms or infestations is very minimal. However, its not as odd to find Yellow Jacket nest.  To the general public its very hard to tell the difference.  In either case, I am always ready to remove either one. <br />   So lets get to the reality of the story. This is actually probably the smallest colony of yellow Jackets I have ever removed. I actually didn't find the bulk of the nest until later through the removal. They were building directly on top of the drywall porch ceiling  and  when it dropped,  I didn't see it.   <br />  Although these little buggers can be mean as the devil, they fascinate me to work with. They are so much like a honey bee in their actions but have a completely  different  purpose in this world.  I will be adding info about them in future videos.   <br />Thank you again for stopping by and checking out my channel.  Every view, comment, like and share  always humbles me with the feedback.  <br />  Stay safe out there wherever you roam and my you be blessed through the holiday season.<br /><br />                                                    Yappy Beeman 2021<br /><br />Yappy Beeman is a professional bee and Yellow Jacket Wasp remover.  Performing  live honey bee removals in Alabama as &quot;Alabama Bee Rescue&quot; and relocates them to apiaries away from residential areas so they can rebuild and thrive as a honey bee colony producing honey. Yappy is an Alabama Beekeepers association member that has performed over 1000 live bee removals. Yappy with the help of his great friend and mentor; @Jpthebeeman, a professional beekeeper , has learned many skills to remove bee swarms and honey bee colonies safely for the bees and homeowners alike.<br /><br /><br />I do hope you enjoy this episode of my bee removing fun. I appreciate the feedback and hope to hear what you thought in the comments.<br /><br />Gear I used:  (There is no sponsorship of this video by these companies........)<br /><br />Hero 10 Black:  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://gopro.com/en/us/shop/cameras/hero10-black/CHDHX-101-master.html">https://gopro.com/en/us/shop/cameras/hero10-black/CHDHX-101-master.html</a><br /><br />Hero 9 Black :<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://gopro.com/en/us/shop/cameras/hero9-black/CHDHX-901-master.html">https://gopro.com/en/us/shop/cameras/hero9-black/CHDHX-901-master.html</a><br /><br />Rode Wireless Go 2:  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://rode.com/microphones/wireless/wirelessgoii">https://rode.com/microphones/wireless/wirelessgoii</a><br /><br />Music provided by Ikson.......check out his info and a link to his music below'<br />&quot;I have used Ikson's music in adherence with his usage policy www.iksonmusic.com/termsofuse and therefore have the right to use and monetize it in my video”<br />Track: Ikson - Paradise [Official]<br />Music provided by Ikson® <br />Listen: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://Ikson.lnk.to/paradiseyt">https://Ikson.lnk.to/paradiseyt</a><br />Download: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/2UPiogP">https://bit.ly/2UPiogP</a><br /><br />#ikson #paradise #tropicalhouse  #goprohero10black  #goprohero9black  #rodewirelessgoii  #yellowjackets #hornetking  #628dirtrooster #yappybeeman2021{% endraw %}
