---
title: "Meet Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/8YiEmekf_34\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "8YiEmekf_34"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["Pixel","Pixel"]
date: "2021-10-20T04:43:33+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-19T18:49:29Z"
duration: "PT3M"
viewcount: "90166"
likeCount: "6167"
dislikeCount: "89"
channel: "Made by Google"
---
{% raw %}Faster. Smarter. More secure. Introducing Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro inspired by you and powered by Google Tensor— the brand new chip designed by Google, custom-made for Pixel. And with feature drops and 5 years of security updates, Pixel just keeps getting better.<br /><br />The all-day Adaptive Battery* saves power for the apps you use most. With the Pixel Cameras, capture a moment just how you experienced it. The Personal Safety** app and the new Titan M2TM security chip help protect you, your stuff, and your privacy – Pixel 6 Pro includes a pro-level telephoto lens, up to 120Hz^ Smooth Display with LTPO technology, and more. And with feature drops*^ and 5 years of security updates,‡  Pixel just keeps getting better.<br /><br />[00:19] 🔒 Google Tensor + Titan M2 Chip, the duo that keeps your info secure.<br />[00:24] 🔋The Adaptive Battery that keeps going all day long.<br />[00:58] 📱 At a Glance helps you find things fast and shows you what you need, right when you need it. <br />[01:12] 💬 Live Translate† helps you communicate and understand languages other than your own. <br />[01:30] 📷 The advanced camera system that helps you capture photos with finer details and accurately represent your unique skin tone. <br /><br />Shop at the GoogleStore.com: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gle/3BZQx2t">https://goo.gle/3BZQx2t</a><br /><br />-----<br /><br />Pixel 6<br />Pixel 6 Pro<br />A phone that’s built for you<br />A phone that reflects you<br />A phone that truly sees you<br />A phone that keeps what’s personal<br />For All You Are<br /><br />-----<br />#GooglePixel #TeamPixel #Pixel6 <br /><br />* Maximum battery life based on testing using a mix of talk, data, standby, and use of other features. Battery life depends upon many factors and usage of certain features will decrease battery life. Battery testing conducted by a third party in California in mid 2021 on pre-production hardware and software, using default settings. Battery testing conducted using two major carrier networks using Sub-6 GHz non-standalone 5G (ENDC) connectivity. Actual battery life may be lower.<br />** Personal Safety app features are dependent upon network connectivity and other factors and may not be reliable for emergency communications or available in all areas. For more information, see g.co/pixel/personalsafety. Car crash detection not available in all languages or countries. Car crash detection may not detect all accidents. High-impact activities may trigger calls to emergency services. This feature is dependent upon network connectivity and other factors and may not be reliable for emergency communications or available in all areas. For country and language availability and more information see g.co/pixel/carcrashdetection. <br />^ Measured diagonally; dimension may vary by configuration and manufacturing process. Not available for all apps or content. Display automatically adjusts to optimize for best viewing and battery performance.<br />*^ Feature drops for at least 3 years from when the device first became available on the Google Store in the US. Your Pixel will receive feature drops during the applicable Android update and support periods for the phone. See g.co/pixel/updates for details.<br /> †  Not available in all languages or countries. Not available on all media or apps. See g.co/pixel/livetranslate for more information.<br />‡ Android security updates for at least 5 years from when the device first became available on the Google Store in the US. See g.co/pixel/updates for details.{% endraw %}
