---
title: "Whatever It May Cost"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/7TyDOB039mg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "7TyDOB039mg"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["just intonation","polymeters","determination"]
date: "2021-10-25T04:04:12+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-08-24T00:46:55Z"
duration: "PT2M18S"
viewcount: "625"
likeCount: "16"
dislikeCount: "1"
channel: "Branch Davidian SDA"
---
{% raw %}A song of determination to live in harmony with truth<br /><br />Lyrics<br />(Trent)<br />I want to live in harmony.<br />I want to live in harmony.<br />Truth is the way.<br />The only way.<br />The only way!<br /><br />(Teresa)<br />Now I choose.<br />Now!<br />Now I choose.<br />We are a society.<br />We want to live in harmony.<br />Harmony!<br />The truth is the only<br />only way!<br />The truth is the only<br />only way!<br /><br />(Together)<br />We won’t let anything stop us from living truth!<br />Whatever it may cost, we will keep on the way!<br /><br />Music Details<br />Tuning: 7-tone just intonation <br />Timing: 5/4 and with a 7/4 polymeter during &quot;verses&quot;<br />Instruments: Clapping, tapping, bass, harp, male and female vocals<br /><br />Song composed and produced by Trent Wilde<br />Sung by Trent and Teresa Wilde<br />Video produced by Teresa Wilde<br />Aug. 21-23, 2020<br /><br /><br />One of our hopes for this song is that Branch believers will learn to play/sing it. While the piece as a whole may sound somewhat complex, each individual part is actually very simple. One lesson to learn from this is that you just need to focus on doing your part in life (and in the gospel work). By each doing their own simple part, it all works together to make a whole that is more complex than any individual could accomplish on their own. Thus, while we should focus on our own role, we need others and the role they play. Another lesson of the song is, of course, to embody the attitude present in the lyrics. Singing the song itself will help you to embody this attitude. <br /><br />The clapping part is intended to be performed by anyone singing Trent's part. It is a relatively simple clapping pattern made of single and double claps, with each note being sung on the single claps.<br />Likewise, the &quot;tapping&quot; part (which could be played by tapping a pen on a desk - for instance) is intended to be performed by anyone singing Teresa's part. It is a relatively simple tapping pattern, again made of single and double taps with the note being sung at the same time as the taps. This part is a little more difficult, but with practice, anyone should be able to get it. <br /><br />To earn either part you can download the mp3 files below. I recommend learning the clapping or tapping part and practicing doing it on its own and then incorporating the singing. That said, see what works for you. Notice also that there is one cycle of the clapping pattern which serves as a que for both singing parts (and the tapping part) to come in at the same time. <br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.bdsda.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Whatever-It-May-Cost-trent-tracks.mp3">http://www.bdsda.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Whatever-It-May-Cost-trent-tracks.mp3</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.bdsda.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Whatever-It-May-Cost-teresa-tracks.mp3">http://www.bdsda.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Whatever-It-May-Cost-teresa-tracks.mp3</a>{% endraw %}
