---
title: "🚨 Entire cities go to the bottom in Kanyakumari, Tamil Nadu, India"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/E3QntHCa0eA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "E3QntHCa0eA"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["kanyakumari","india","flood"]
date: "2021-11-14T08:22:30+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-13T22:41:55Z"
duration: "PT2M46S"
viewcount: "18479"
likeCount: "417"
dislikeCount: "22"
channel: "NDNews Weather"
---
{% raw %}#NDNews: Natural disasters news every day. Disaster November 13. Live news live about bad weather. Earth's pain will cleanse the Planet from the humanity. In the world in a day about severe nature. Catastrophes are here and now. Global warming is not far off.<br />-------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Entire cities go to the bottom in Kanyakumari, Tamil Nadu, India<br /><br />The southern regions of Kanyakumari and Tirunelveli experienced heavy rainfall causing severe flooding. 4000 acres under agriculture and horticulture were inundated as heavy rain lashed Kanyakumari district. <br /><br />The district recorded an average rainfall of 100mm  in one day.  Due to the heavy downpour, a landslide occurred at the Nagercoil-Thiruvananthapuram railway track.  <br /><br />The excess water is flowing through the railway line, the tracks are barely visible. More than 1000 houses have been partially damaged. Water from Perunchani Dam is added to the flooding in the low lying areas.<br /><br />Vaikaloor region was already inundated, but the incessant rainfall had made the situation worse for residents. The water level the Suchindram Dam also was filled up very quickly due to the rain.<br /><br /> 3000 people were evacuated and sheltered  in 39 relief camps with food, water and other necessities. <br /><br />With more rainfall predicted, rescue services are currently working on evacuating as many people as possible from the banks of rivers and dams.<br /><br />-------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />The channel lists such natural disasters as:<br />1) Geological emergencies: Earthquake, volcanic eruption, mudflow, landslide, landfall, avalanche;<br />2) Hydrological emergencies:  Flood, Tsunami, Limnological catastrophe, floods, flooding;<br />3) Fires: Forest fire, Peat fire, Glass Fire, Wildfire;<br />4) Meteorological emergencies: Tornado, Cyclone, Blizzard, Hail, Drought, Hail, Hurricane, Storm, Thunderstorm, typhoon, Tempest, Lightning.<br /><br />Playlist by region, ASIA:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbH6z1iKVeiRGdhQXHNI-NmzRNIPzSoq5">https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbH6z1iKVeiRGdhQXHNI-NmzRNIPzSoq5</a><br /><br />Playlist by disaster type, HYDROLOGICAL:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbH6z1iKVeiToIg0468Ia4CtHZxhDrl_g">https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbH6z1iKVeiToIg0468Ia4CtHZxhDrl_g</a><br /><br /><br /><br />If you find any improper use of your copyrighted content (videos, photos and music) in the video, please contact us by  e-mail specified in the &quot;about the channel&quot; tab.<br /><br />ATTENTION: Video material is taken from social networks. It is selected by date of publication, title, description and location of the event. Sometimes, due to unscrupulous posting of news on social networks, the video may contain fragments that do not correspond to the date and place. It is not always possible to check their reliability. Thank you for your understanding.<br /><br /> #weather #news #earthquake #tsunami #ndn #rain #kanyakumari #india #flood #rains #tirunelveli #storm #rainfall{% endraw %}
