---
title: "Top 9 Reasonably-Priced Motorhomes within the C-Class Camper Category"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Qr1rgiWbebY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Qr1rgiWbebY"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["motorhomes","affordable campers","recreational vehicle"]
date: "2021-11-15T06:51:04+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-02-15T13:00:08Z"
duration: "PT10M59S"
viewcount: "313152"
likeCount: "3202"
dislikeCount: "185"
channel: "Must See Tech"
---
{% raw %}Just like their fully integrated siblings, Class-C motorhomes have never had a reputation of being affordable. But it doesn’t mean that the market is completely empty of models offered new at reasonable prices. Today we will explore the cheapest Class-Cs of 2020 both inside and out highlighting their most prominent features and marveling their beautiful interiors.<br />Subscribe to #MustSeeTech if you do not want to miss the upcoming RV reviews, ring the bell and let’s roll!<br /><br />0:34 #1 Winnebago Outlook: winnebago.com/models/product/outlook<br /><br />When shopping for a Class-C you cannot go wrong with a Winnebago Outlook, underpinned by a Ford E350 chassis and powered by a 305 horsepower strong 6.8L Triton V10 controlled via a TorqShift 6-speed. This RV is offered in 4 floorplans varying between 25 and 32 feet in length.<br /><br />1:38 #2 Adria Coral XL: adria-mobil.com/motorhomes/coral-xl<br /><br />Adria Coral XL is the only overcab equipped model in Adia’s motorhome range, that gets 2 trim levels, the entry level Axess with 4 floorplans and the luxury Plus with 3.<br /><br />2:52 #3 Thor Motorcoach Compass RUV: thormotorcoach.com/compass/ <br /><br />Built on either Ford Transit or Mercedes-Benz Sprinter chassis, the 2020 Compass from Thor Motor Coach is among the comfiest RUVs you can find on the US market.<br /><br />4:01 #4 Chausson Overcab: chausson-motorhomes.com/gamme/overcab <br /><br />The latest generation of the Chausson Overcab has been specifically designed for families who need outstanding livability. It is the only model from the brand to offer a large over-cab bed with ladder access in any trim regardless of the chosen floorplan.<br /><br />5:10 #5 Nexus Phantom: nexusrv.com/check-our-rv-coach-motorhome-dealership-motorhomes--phantom<br /><br />Built on the Ford E350 and E450 chassis, the Nexus Phantom offers some of the roomiest interiors in the segment with 25 through 32 feet floorplans.<br /><br />6:19 #6 Leisure Travel Vans Wonder: leisurevans.com/wonder/features/murphy-bed <br /><br />Leisure Travel Vans Wonder is being updated in 2020, offering smarter space-saving solutions, innovative layouts and over more practical and comfortable design. Depending on your travel needs, you can choose between three functional floor plans, with a murphy bed, front twin beds or a separate bedroom area in the rear.<br /><br />7:28 #7 Bürstner Lyseo M Harmony Line: buerstner.com/de/buerstner-welt/preview-2020/lyseo-m-harmony-line/ <br /><br />Built on the Mercedes Sprinter chassis, the 2020 Bürstner Lyseo M Harmony Line offers the utmost driving comfort and the latest Mercedes tech. The model is offers in two floor plans, 660 and 690 G.<br /><br />8:35 #8 Coachmen Cross Trek: coachmenrv.com/class-c-motorhomes/cross-trek<br /><br />Coachmen RV is one of the many brands under the Forest River Inc umbrella, alongside Dynamax, East West and many others. Their Cross Trek is a versatile model built over the Ford Transit 350. Ford 350 or Chevy 4500 Chassis.<br /><br />9:36 #9 2020 Jayco Redhawk: jayco.com/products/class-c-motorhomes/2020-redhawk-se <br /><br />Though Jayco Redhawk is not the cheapest Class C on the market, it definitely has enough convenience and comfort features to justify the additional dollars. The motorhome starts with Chevy 4500 chassis with a 6-liter Vortex V8 engine, and comes offered in three floor plans, measuring from 25 to 30 feet in exterior length.{% endraw %}
