---
title: "My Portion by Jekalyn Carr  (Music)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/RpQqFD008HE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "RpQqFD008HE"
categories: "Film-Animation"
tags: ["Portion","Jekalyn","(Music)"]
date: "2021-10-11T18:05:11+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-03T04:11:31Z"
duration: "PT4M12S"
viewcount: "316409"
likeCount: "12007"
dislikeCount: "127"
channel: "Jekalyn Carr"
---
{% raw %}Jekalyn Carr releases new single My Portion.  <br />Available now Download or Stream<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://song.link/OrderMyPortion">https://song.link/OrderMyPortion</a><br /><br />My Portion Apparel by Jekalyn Carr <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://jekalyncollections.com">https://jekalyncollections.com</a><br /><br />Jekalyn Beauty<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://jekalynbeauty.com">https://jekalynbeauty.com</a><br /><br />My Portion Lyrics<br />You never knew, <br />You would fail<br /><br />You never knew,<br />You’d go through the things you’ve been through<br /><br />You never knew,<br />That you would fall<br /><br />But I heard His voice say,<br />I heard His voice say<br /><br />Years of pain,<br />It is not your portion<br />Failure,<br />It is not your portion<br />Sickness,<br />It is not your portion<br />Poverty,<br />It is not your portion <br /><br />I HAVE TO EMBRACE THE PROMISE<br /><br />You never knew,<br />You’d be broken<br /><br />You never knew,<br />You’d cry the tears that you’ve cried<br /><br />You never knew,<br />You lose the things you’ve lost<br /><br />But I heard His voice say,<br />I have good news, I have good news!<br /><br />GOOD NEWS!<br /><br />That’s your portion <br />(That’s your portion)<br /><br />GOOD HEALTH!<br />(Good Health)<br /><br />That’s your portion<br />(That’s your portion)<br /><br />THE ABUNDANCE!<br />(The abundance)<br /><br />That’s your portion<br />(That’s your portion)<br /><br />INCREASE!<br />(Increase)<br /><br />That’s your portion<br />(That’s your portion)<br /><br />I HAVE TO EMBRACE THE PROMISE<br />(I have to embrace the promise)<br /><br />Somebody needs to remind yourself <br />(I have to embrace the promise)<br /><br />I have to embrace the promise <br />(I have to embrace the promise)<br /><br />Oh I have to embrace the promise<br />(I have to embrace the promise)<br /><br />OOOOH GOOD NEWS!<br />(Good News)<br /><br />That’s your portion <br />(That’s your portion)<br /><br />GOOD HEALTH!<br />(Good Health)<br /><br />That’s your portion<br />(That’s your portion)<br /><br />HEYY THE ABUNDANCE!<br />(The abundance)<br /><br />That’s your portion<br />(That’s your portion)<br /><br />INCREASE!<br />(Increase)<br /><br />That’s your portion<br />(That’s your portion)<br /><br />I HAVE TO EMBRACE THE PROMISE<br />(I have to embrace the promise)<br /><br />You got to tell yourself <br />(I have to embrace the promise)<br /><br />It’s okay to live in the promises<br />(I have to embrace the promise)<br /><br />The promises of God <br />(I have to embrace the promise)<br /><br />I have to embrace the promise<br />(I have to embrace the promise)<br /><br />The promises of God<br />(I have to embrace the promise)<br /><br />Are still yes &amp; amen<br />(I have to embrace the promise)<br /><br />You shall conquer your mountain <br />(I have to embrace the promise)<br /><br />HEEEA THAT’S YOUR PORTION!<br />(That’s your portion!)<br /><br />OH! God sent me as a messenger to tell somebody today<br />(That’s your portion!)<br /><br />I want to release this over you today, that’s your portion!<br />(That’s your portion!) <br /><br />OH! GRACE &amp; MERCY!<br />(That’s your portion)<br /><br />Yes! GRACE &amp; MERCY!<br />(That’s your portion!)<br /><br />OH! GRACE &amp; MERCY!<br />(That’s your portion!)<br /><br />Restoration!<br />(That’s your portion)<br /><br />You’ve got know that healing is!<br />(That’s your portion)<br /><br />Open doors are your portion!<br />(That’s your portion)<br /><br />Favor is your portion! <br />(That’s your portion)<br /><br />EHHHHH! THAT’S YOUR PORTION! <br />(That’s your portion)<br /><br />OH! THAT’S YOUR PORTION! <br />(That’s your portion)<br /><br />YEAH! THAT’S YOUR PORTION! <br />(That’s your portion)<br /><br />Ehhhhhhhh...<br /><br />I have to embrace the promise<br />Oh I have to , I have to<br /><br />And the promise is, GOOD NEWS! <br />(Good news!)<br /><br />I wake up to good news<br />All throughout the day good news<br />Even when I lay my head down at night<br /><br />GOOD NEWS!<br />(Good news!) <br /><br />And I’m so glad the promise doesn’t wear off<br />Everyday, I believe God<br /><br />THAT’S MY PORTION<br />(That’s your portion){% endraw %}
