---
title: "How to play Cranium"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/YCPv4TiiYzg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "YCPv4TiiYzg"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["instructions","how to play","card game"]
date: "2021-10-31T05:38:36+03:00"
vid_date: "2016-01-08T16:27:18Z"
duration: "PT3M4S"
viewcount: "165943"
likeCount: "523"
dislikeCount: "44"
channel: "Triple S Games"
---
{% raw %}Learn the rules to the board game Cranium quickly and concisely - This visually rich video has no distractions, just the rules.<br /><br />Don't own the game?<br />Buy it here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://amzn.to/3bUfcIA">https://amzn.to/3bUfcIA</a> (This Amazon Affiliate link directly supports me) <br />RULES:<br /><br />The object of the game is to be the first team to complete the final activities in the center “cranium Central” space. Set out the board and divide into 2 or more teams of at least 2 players each. Give each team a pad of paper and pencil. Place each box of cards on its corresponding corner symbol. Place the timer and die in the center of the board. Each team chooses a game piece and places it on the start space. The team with the person whose birthday is coming up next goes first.<br /><br />On every turn, your team gets one chance to move. The team to your right draws the next card from the deck that matches your spot on the board and reads it to you. They should read the front of the card allowed, but not the back because that’s where the answer is. If your team successfully completes the activity described on the card before the timer runs out, you get to roll and move.  If your team is not successful, you stay where you are and try again on your next turn. Remember, your turn always ends after one card. Play then passes to the to the team on your left, and you will read their card.<br /><br />On your first turn you begin on a planet cranium. There are 4 planet craniums on your way to cranium central. Planet craniums are wilds, you get to choose which deck is drawn from. The first time you are on a planet cranium you get 1 opportunity to take the fast track. <br /><br />If you complete your first card successfully, roll and move clockwise along the inside fast track to the next color you rolled. If you are unsuccessful your first card on a planet cranium, you stay put and once you are successful you roll and move on the outer track. <br /><br />You must always stop on a planet cranium even if your roll would take you further. If ever you roll a purple, leap ahead to the next planet cranium.<br /><br />When a specially marked “Club Cranium” card is drawn, all teams play at the same time and the first team to complete the activity before the timer runs out gets an immediate bonus roll. On a planet cranium, don’t count an unsuccessful club cranium as your first chance to move down the fast track. If it is your turn when a club cranium is drawn, you get another card after the club cranium is completed.<br /><br />When you reach the center from a roll, enter the cranium circle and use the die rolled to indicate what starting point you take. If you rolled a purple, you choose whichever you like. At the start of each turn engage in the activity of the category you are on.<br /><br />Each time you successfully complete a category from the cranium circle, you keep the card and move clockwise 1 spot. If you are unsuccessful, stay put. Once your team has collected all 4 cards, move into cranium central. On your next turn the other teams must agree on a deck for your final activity attempt. If you are unsuccessful you must try again on your next turn. If you are successful, or win a club cranium activity, you win the game!{% endraw %}
