---
title: "(LYRICS) Best Part - Daniel Caesar ft H.E.R"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/_3Pio8D5txY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "_3Pio8D5txY"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Music","Lyrics","Video"]
date: "2021-11-05T23:35:06+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-08-25T12:49:51Z"
duration: "PT3M31S"
viewcount: "85753786"
likeCount: "636915"
dislikeCount: "13479"
channel: "Dara Andina"
---
{% raw %}Back to 2017 this is my first song that i knew from Daniel Caesar. I fell in love with this song and decided to search the lyrics on YouTube but can't find any. So, i decided to making it with simple tools &quot;my Ipad&quot; and iMovie loll. Sudenly, this song blew up and until now people still listening this song.This makes me happy that people love it too even this video have more viewers than the original video, I'm sorry Danny but I love You.<br />So, peole please watch the original video too because We love Danny, right? for his beautiful voice and songs.<br />Here's the link: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKgl5-lkT8U">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKgl5-lkT8U</a><br /><br />And here is the lyrics if you can't see the video cleary because  at the beginning  i made this video only for me to enjoy. <br />Thank you.<br /><br />[Intro: H.E.R.]<br />Oh, ey<br /><br />[Verse 1: H.E.R.]<br />You don't know babe<br />When you hold me<br />And kiss me slowly<br />It's the sweetest thing<br />And it don't change<br />If I had it my way<br />You would know that you are<br /><br />[Pre-Chorus 1: H.E.R.]<br />You're the coffee that I need in the morning<br />You're my sunshine in the rain when it's pouring<br />Won't you give yourself to me<br />Give it all, oh<br /><br />[Chorus: Daniel Caesar &amp; H.E.R.]<br />I just wanna see<br />I just wanna see how beautiful you are<br />You know that I see it<br />I know you're a star<br />Where you go I follow<br />No matter how far<br />If life is a movie<br />Oh you're the best part, oh<br />You're the best part, oh<br />Best part<br /><br />[Verse 2: Daniel Caesar]<br />It's the sunrise<br />And those brown eyes<br />You're the one that I desire<br />When we wake up<br />And then we make love<br />It makes me feel so nice<br /><br />[Pre-Chorus 2: Daniel Caesar]<br />You're my water when I'm stuck in the desert<br />You're the Tylenol I take when my head hurts<br />You're the sunshine on my life<br /><br />[Chorus: Daniel Caesar &amp; H.E.R.]<br />I just wanna see how beautiful you are<br />You know that I see it<br />I know you're a star<br />Where you go I follow<br />No matter how far<br />If life is a movie<br />Then you're the best part, oh<br />You're the best part, oh<br />Best part<br /><br />[Outro: Daniel Caesar &amp; H.E.R.]<br />If you love me won't you say something<br />If you love me won't you<br />Won't you<br />If you love me won't you say something<br />If you love me won't you<br />Love me, won't you<br />If you love me won't you say something<br />If you love me won't you<br />If you love me won't you say something<br />If you love me won't you<br />Love me, won't you<br />If you love me won't you say something<br />If you love me won't you<br />If you love me won't you say something<br />If you love me won't you<br />Love me, won't you<br /><br /><br />This is for entertainment purposes only. I do not own the rights to this song.{% endraw %}
