---
title: "The Big Apple"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/E37mb1QROIw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "E37mb1QROIw"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Big Apple","Frankie Manning","Savoy Ballroom"]
date: "2021-11-06T09:13:07+03:00"
vid_date: "2016-07-06T10:31:15Z"
duration: "PT3M1S"
viewcount: "141216"
likeCount: ""
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Harlemhotshots"
---
{% raw %}- The Big Apple -<br /><br />The Big Apple was originally a big dance craze 1937. A caller was used to shout out steps and the dancers followed. This dance is still used in the swing dance scene but by using Frankie Mannings choreography that Whitey's dancers(Herbert White's groups for example Whitey's Lindy Hoppers or Whitey's Hopping Maniacs) filmed for the film Keep Punchin'. Withey's dancers  used this one a lot and also generations and generations of dancers that came after. We often perform this routine in our shows to share the knowledge and pay tribute to where this style came from and from who we learned. We decided to film our version to share our interpretation of the original Keep Punchin' routine. <br /><br />Frankie taught Hot Shots his way of doing these steps first time in the 1980s and we try to keep his legacy alive as good as possible! This is one of the reasons we did this project. Besides the Keep Punchin' film, you can also see this routine performed by Whitey's dancers in footage from Savoy Ballroom and the story says it has been captured on film more times but the tapes got lost. Thank you for watching our video, but first of all, learn from the original source, seek and find info about how these steps should be performed, and learn to find your own originality and voice while dancing these steps.<br /><br />Dancers in this video: Fatima Teffahi, Gabriella Rosati, Mimmi Gunnarsson, Rikard Ekstrand, Sakarias Larsson, Fredrik Dahlberg<br /><br />Music: The Jeep Is Jumpin' - Bent Fabricius-Bjerre<br />(We do not own the rights to use this music. We share this video just to share jazz dance history)<br /><br />INFORMATION ABOUT THE FILM PROJECT:<br /><br />WHEN RHYTHM MOVES US <br />A film project made out of inspiration - For us to remember, create, and to hopefully inspire.<br /><br />BACKGROUND<br />Through film, many generations of dancers, their expressions, styles, and routines are remembered and kept alive.  Our studies and this project is our contribution to this tradition. Many steps and all the routines in this film project were created during the1930s-1950s. These dances are all part of the Black American Jazz and Swing dance tradition.<br /><br />PARTS<br />Improvisation and choreography makes the different chapters in this film. Choreographies are filmed not only for sharing our favorite routines, but also to share an idea about expressions, style and rhythm based dancing. By sharing we hope to inspire others to follow their own unique voice, style and passion.<br /><br />AESTHETICS<br />This project is a collaboration between Harlem Hot Shots - Stockholm, Karl Torstensson (Director), Hanna Kriisa (Director of Photography). Aesthetics was formed through a mash up inspired by simplicity, old school light design and todays modern film techniques. Modern high quality cameras was used with 1960s lenses to create highest quality fotage with softer contrast and definition. Room and lights are inspired by Spirit Moves by Mura Dehn (1940s). No distractions, only pure dancing.<br /><br /><br />--------------------<br /><br />The Harlem Hot Shots is a group of dancers profoundly inspired by the greats of the jazz era. Representing styles that originally derived out of Harlem during the prime time of swing. Rhythm, improvisation, personal expressions - freedom.<br /><br />This film is a part of a collection of traditional swing dance choreographies we filmed for the help of spreading knowledge on the origins and original styles in swing and jazz dancing. Filmed in an environment with no distractions. The idea is to give a clear picture of the original rhythms and movements uniquely interpreted by each individual dancer.<br /><br />By making this film we also want to thank all dancers that contributed to these dance styles and choreographies. For originating these styles and steps. For choreographing them and sharing your passion with the world. Dancers such as Frankie Manning, Norma Miller, Esther Washington, Chazz Young, Sugar Sullivan, Albert Minns, Leon James, The Whitey's Lindy Hoppers, the hole cast of The Spirit Moves, Mama Lou Parks and her dancers, Mabel Lee, Dawn Hampton with your endless joy and many many many more. <br /><br /><br />E-mail: info@harlemhotshots.com <br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E37mb1QROIw">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E37mb1QROIw</a>{% endraw %}
