---
title: "Does technology really facilitates emotion? | Jonas Rietbergen | TEDxVeghel"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/RF1a1zpuIVQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "RF1a1zpuIVQ"
categories: "Nonprofits-Activism"
tags: ["TEDxTalks","English","Entertainment"]
date: "2021-11-11T06:10:33+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-11-06T19:23:34Z"
duration: "PT17M58S"
viewcount: "156"
likeCount: "4"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "TEDx Talks"
---
{% raw %}A story.<br />A storyline.<br />Technology.<br /><br />What do you do when technology to which you have become accustomed over time, simply lets you down?<br />Do you still have a story to tell?<br />What is the real contribution of technology in an entertainment park? Curious, looks beyond the kangaroos in the petting zoo. Loves to work on improving and building Saabs. Free thinker. Gets energy from big transitions. Circular economy believer.<br /><br /><br /><br />After the R.K. primary school Edith Stein in Zijtaart and Zwijsen College in Veghel it was time to look beyond the kangaroos in the petting zoo. <br />Nijmegen and business administration were the first choice, but my world only really broadened when I became VP at AIESEC Nijmegen. The second year after my foundation was sufficient to get started and the international students and congresses made me wish for more. It was a year of studying in America. I still remember flying out when I suddenly understood that I was all alone. The brochure hadn't told me that.<br /><br />It was my first great learning moment, to make new friends and explore the land of the Home and the Free. The uni was 30 minutes away from NYC, with a morning train that immediately connected to the finishing time of perfect nights going out. In short: more  than ideal .<br /><br />After that adventure it was time for the master's strategy and because I was focusing on international issues, I founded the International Radboud University Nijmegen network together with the Rector Magnificus. My lecture about daring to look beyond what you already know (the proverbial kangaroos of the petting zoo) is still clear in my mind and made an impression. I can also pick up the nerves that preceded it at any moment.<br /><br />After my studies it was time for Amsterdam and major transitions to supervise as a consultant. I liked that profession very much because I could and was allowed to explore a lot right away, the sky was the limit in terms of professional development. PwC introduced me to the world of major transformations, making impact in difficult situations and the transformation to the circular economy.<br /><br />International assignments in Spain, UK, South Africa and Dubai also taught me how to bring change in a different cultural context. But what I sometimes missed was creativity and real innovation. As a consultant you can do great things, but the coolest projects are done by organisations themselves. I headed for creation and innovation and ended up at the Efteling. It soon became clear that a whole world was behind the World of Miracles. As a strategist, writing Vision 2030 was one of my first projects. Now, many projects later, I am allowed to run the candy store of the Efteling: the innovation programme. This programme has resulted in wonderful projects such as the VR Virtual Dream Flight, which ensures that guests with a disability can also enjoy the Dream Flight. Technology really facilitates the story, a mantra from 1952 and still a visionary insight that inspires me every day. This talk was given at a TEDx event using the TED conference format but independently organized by a local community. Learn more at <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.ted.com/tedx">https://www.ted.com/tedx</a>{% endraw %}
