---
title: "Speaking English - How to use \"unless\""
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/-8yOEonnOgU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "-8yOEonnOgU"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["English vocabulary","English101","unless"]
date: "2021-10-25T10:07:54+03:00"
vid_date: "2013-07-10T19:23:26Z"
duration: "PT4M31S"
viewcount: "466907"
likeCount: "7518"
dislikeCount: "104"
channel: "Learn English with Rebecca · engVid"
---
{% raw %}<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.engvid.com/">http://www.engvid.com/</a> You won't understand how to use this word UNLESS you watch this grammar lesson! Learn how to use &quot;unless&quot; in those tricky conditional and negative conditional sentences. I'll show you how to change &quot;if you don't prepare for the TOEFL&quot; to &quot;unless you prepare for the TOEFL&quot;. I'll also give you an easy formula to start using &quot;unless&quot; in your own English conversations. Take a quiz on this lesson here: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.engvid.com/speaking-english-unless/">http://www.engvid.com/speaking-english-unless/</a><br /><br />TRANSCRIPT:<br />Hi. My name is Rebecca from www.engvid.com. In today's lesson, you'll learn how to use the word &quot;unless&quot; correctly in English. Now, the word &quot;unless&quot; expresses a negative condition. That means that unless one thing happens, something else cannot happen. Let's look at some examples on the board, and I think you'll learn this very easily, okay? Let's get started.<br /><br />Now, for example, let's take the first sentence: &quot;You can't go to university if you don't finish high school.&quot; So the negative condition here is &quot;if you don't finish high school&quot;, right? So instead of saying &quot;if you don't&quot;, you could say, &quot;You can't go to university unless you finish high school.&quot; Okay? &quot;You can't go to university if you don't finish high school&quot; or &quot;You can't go to university unless you finish.&quot; So here, you see that we had to use the negative words, &quot;if you don't&quot;. But when we use the word &quot;unless&quot;, it does that automatically. <br /><br />Let's look at another example: &quot;You can't enter the club if you don't have ID.&quot; &quot;ID&quot; is short for &quot;identification&quot;. &quot;You can't enter the club unless you have ID. You can't enter the club unless you have ID.&quot; <br /><br />Next one: &quot;You can't visit Italy if you don't get a visa.&quot; So what do we do? We place this, and we can say, &quot;You can't visit Italy unless you get a visa.&quot; &quot;You can't borrow books if you don't have a library card.&quot; How would we change that using &quot;unless&quot;? &quot;You can't borrow books unless you have a library card.&quot;<br /><br />Last one: &quot;You can't pass the TOEFL if you don't prepare.&quot; How would you change that using &quot;unless&quot;? &quot;You can't pass the TOEFL unless you prepare.&quot; All right? <br /><br />Next, I'll give you an exercise so you can practice this a little bit better. Now, let's try a couple of examples with &quot;unless&quot;. Let's say this is the situation: &quot;John can't go out unless he does a few things.&quot; So how would you say that? &quot;John can't go out unless he finishes his homework; unless he cleans his room; unless he takes a shower.&quot; Okay? Good.<br /><br />Let's see if you can do this one. You can say it at home: &quot;I can't improve my English unless I read more books; I write more often; I watch more EngVid lessons.&quot; Okay? <br />So you see how &quot;unless&quot; can be used in these examples. Try your best to write some sentences of your own, create a situation that, &quot;Today, I can't do this unless I do that.&quot; And each day, if you write a sentence like that with what you need to do or what has to happen before something else can happen, you will learn how to use the word &quot;unless&quot;. <br /><br />So if you'd like to do a quiz on this subject, you can go to our website: www.engvid.com. All the best with your English. Bye, for now.{% endraw %}
