---
title: "Affiliate Marketing For Beginners 2021 | Complete Tutorial"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/iArITz9QI6k\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "iArITz9QI6k"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["affiliate marketing for beginners","affiliate marketing for free","affiliate marketing for beginners full course"]
date: "2021-11-08T20:33:00+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-25T22:47:56Z"
duration: "PT6H6M33S"
viewcount: "51432"
likeCount: "2889"
dislikeCount: "30"
channel: "Ferdy Korpershoek"
---
{% raw %}Many 10-40 minute affiliate marketing tutorials can make you really excited about affiliate marketing! But they do not show the step-by-step process. In this step-by-step affiliate marketing tutorial, I show you a real-life example of a brand new affiliate marketing journey I will start. My goal is to make $50.000 per month with it. Crazy?! Maybe! In this affiliate marketing course, I show you that it is possible to make crazy numbers like these with affiliate marketing.<br /><br />Before we just start doing stuff, we will build a strong foundation on affiliate marketing is, how it works, and how you can become successful with it.<br /><br />After we understand how affiliate marketing works, we will do market research and find the right product(s) for you to promote.<br /><br />We will create a plan on how to promote the affiliate products we want to promote, and then we will create a website. A website is a great tool to get sales, and it is also necessary to apply for many affiliate products. We will create different blog posts, and I will teach you which blogpost convert the best.<br /><br />Even when you are not a skilled writer (I am not), I show you how to use the right tools to create fantastic blog posts. Besides that, I offer you can develop as a writer. You can improve almost anything by practice.<br /><br />We will optimize our blog posts and pages, so they are ready to rank in Google. I show you how, by using Google Search, Google Analytics, Google Search Console, and Ahrefs you can get a lot of information about your website and your visitor's behavior. We will use that information to optimize our affiliate marketing website even further.<br /><br />I show you how to build an email list using the free version of Convertkit and how I used it to make thousands of dollars in just a few days by helping other people. That is why I include that part in the tutorial. It is an essential part of my Affiliate Marketing business.<br /><br />After we finish our website we will share our first blog post on Facebook, Instagram, Linked In, Youtube, and other platforms. We will analyze the traffic we get in order to make our website better.<br /><br />We also talk about advertising, placing ads on your website, analyzing the visitor behavior on your website, and using premium tools on how to get more commission from your website.<br /><br />Throughout the tutorial, I do my best to entertain you, educate you, challenge you and inspire you! If you appreciate it then please like and subscribe!<br /><br />Timestamps:<br />00:00 Introduction<br />03:43 Mindset<br />08:44 Affiliate Marketing vs a Job<br /><br />Module 1: Intro to Affiliate Marketing<br />11:26 What Is Affiliate Marketing?<br />14:49 Why Affiliate Marketing?<br />22:34 How To Promote?<br />26:02 5 Major Keys To Success with Affiliate Marketing<br /><br />Module 2: Market Research<br />32:08 2 Types of Affiliate Marketing Websites<br />33:58 Markets, Submarkets and Niches<br />43:36 Get an Idea For Your Niche<br />54:14 4 Questions To Ask Yourself Before Promoting A Product<br />01:05:22 My 3 Ideas for an Affiliate Marketing Website<br />01:09:26 Write Out A A Plan<br /><br />Module 3: Create A Website<br />01:21:44 The 4 Steps We Will Take<br />01:24:13 Get A Domain Name And Webhosting<br />01:30:05 Install WordPress<br />01:32:41 Clean Up WordPress<br />01:36:04 Import My Pre Made Affiliate Marketing Website<br /><br />Module 4: Keyword Research<br />01:51:52 Keyword Research Through Google<br />01:53:58 The AIDA Formula<br />02:03:52 Keyword Research with Ahrefs<br />02:08:48 The Ahrefs Site Explorer<br />02:12:16 The Ahrefs Keyword Explorer<br />02:16:41 Find Low Hanging Fruit Keywords<br /><br />Module 5: Create A Blogpost<br />02:18:06 Create Your First Blogpost<br />02:26:25 Change The Permalink<br />02:29:55 Internal Linking<br />02:35:17 Use Redirection For Pretty Links<br />02:40:23 Add Gutenberg Addons<br />02:45:49 How To Become A Better Writer?<br />02:48:11 Make Your Blog post Better Using Grammarly<br />02:52:00 Add Images To Your Blog post<br />03:09:02 Publishing, Categories &amp; Tags<br />03:12:08 Create A Featured Image In Photoshop<br /><br />03:20:07 Create Sidebar Widgets<br />03:25:10 Create A Logo For Your Website<br /><br />Module 6: Optimise Your Blogposts<br />03:32:18 Sign Up For Google Analytics &amp; Google Search Console<br />03:40:50 Optimise Your Website Using RankMath<br />03:58:09 Configure The RankMath Settings<br />03:59:25 Create The Site Title<br /><br />Module 7: Finish Your Website<br />04:00:49 Finish Your Website<br /><br />Module 8: Build An Email List<br />04:11:51 Sign Up For Convertkit (Free)<br />04:13:05 Create A Form<br />04:26:53 Publish The Form In Your WordPress Website<br />04:35:59 Trigger A Form Using A Button<br />04:43:03 Create A Broadcast Email<br />04:49:03 Optimise Your Website For All Devices<br /><br />Module 9: Get Traffic<br />05:08:32 Get Traffic To Your Website<br /><br />Module 10: What’s Next<br />05:24:20 Google Ads, Adsense, Youtube, Improving<br /><br />Module 11: Analyze Data<br />05:33:42 Analyze Data Through Google, Analytics, Google Search Console and Ahrefs<br /><br />Module 12: Using Premium Resources<br />05:43:14 Get Blocksy Pro<br />05:47:19 Create Custom Sticky Sidebars<br />05:51:51 Create a Mega Menu<br /><br />Wrapping Up<br />06:02:37 Cookie Consent<br />06:03:07 Create a Favicon<br />06:04:52 Thank You{% endraw %}
