---
title: "​Live Scanner and Day Trade Ideas - NO DELAY - Morning Gappers Momentum and Halt Scanner 10\/25\/2021"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/tVs_I9dgj6o\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "tVs_I9dgj6o"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Trade Ideas","Scanner","Screener"]
date: "2021-10-25T15:39:42+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-25T10:30:45Z"
duration: "P0D"
viewcount: "531"
likeCount: "76"
dislikeCount: "3"
channel: "Zendoo"
---
{% raw %}An alternative to Trade Ideas stream WITHOUT DELAY, Realtime Live Scanner / Live Screener, High Of Day, Low Float, Halt Scanner, and high momentum scanner for Stocks and morning gappers. <br />We stream our Live scanners during Pre Market and Market Hours.<br /><br />You can tip us here if you enjoy what we do: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://streamelements.com/zendoo/tip">https://streamelements.com/zendoo/tip</a><br />Visit our merch store: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://merch.streamelements.com/zendoo">https://merch.streamelements.com/zendoo</a><br /><br />We provide the best Stock Market scanner and screener tools for Day trading, without delay.<br />-------------------------<br /><br />How to use our live scanners :<br />The easiest way is to &quot;read&quot; the frames, from top to bottom.<br />The more green you see, the more potential for profitability.<br /><br />Events in our scanners come with little audio cues (so you don't have to stare at them too much).<br /><br />Also, our charts show<br />- tools that can help traders size their trade according to stock's price, volatility, and risk.<br />- potential halts level (during market hours).<br /><br />You can ask any questions related to chart and live scanners configuration in the chat, our friendly community is always happy to help.<br />-------------------------<br /><br />Pre-Market:<br />The scanners show stocks with high momentum probability (highest % gap from the previous day, with volume).<br />Stocks are sorted by %Gap.<br />We are looking for stocks with a high gap %, high volume, positive slope for Vwap (ZenV), a high potential for volatility (ZenP), Small spread, High volatility vs spread, and price above Vwap.<br />-------------------------<br /><br />Market Hours:<br />Stocks are sorted by potential profitability.<br />We show multiple momentum scanners:<br /> Momo HOD-0.5 / Hod-1 / Hod-2 = for momentum Stocks that are almost reaching High Of Day.<br /> Momo HoD low-float = for momentum stock with a very low float.<br />2 minutes momentum  = for short-term momentum.<br />Linear regression slope = for longer-term momentum.<br />Overextended = for stock that had strong and fast momentum, and may need a correction.<br />Halt Scanner = shows stocks that are halted due to high volatility (with a voice-over and a countdown to resumption time).<br />-------------------------<br /><br />Audio cues:<br />Bell = every 5 minutes.<br />Gong = a stock is added to the &quot;MOMO HoD-0.5&quot; scanner.<br />Camera click / Stapler = a stock is added to a momo scanner.<br />Frog(woopwoop) = a stock is added to the gap scanner (premarket) or, a stock with low float is added to a MOMO scanner (market hours).<br /><br />All audio events are registered in the alert box (lower right corner).<br /><br />Female voice = a blinking stock in the new scanner (the one in discord) = a new stock is rising toward HoD.<br />Male Voice = a stock that has a surge in price + volume.<br />-------------------------<br /><br />Simple summarized version of what each column describes inside the Zen Momo scanner.<br />You are looking for each column to be green, there are levels of green, the more neon green is what you are focusing on. <br />When all columns are green, this is when the stock has the most potential to move higher.<br />This is not trading advice, this is suggestive signals for you to then evaluate with your on Due diligence.<br />  <br />Key:<br />ATR = Average True Range<br />HOD = High of Day<br />VWAP = Volume Weighted Average Price<br />LOWFLOAT = A stock with a small float will generally be more volatile than a stock with a large float.<br />This is because, with fewer shares available, it may be harder to find a buyer or seller. <br />This results in larger spreads and often lower volume.<br /><br />Column1:<br />VwapSlope .. the slope of Vwap ... older version of ZenV<br /><br />Column2:<br />Po... = PotentialPL .. older version of ZenP = potential volatility (more accurate replacement for LowFloat as it measures instead of expecting volatility)<br /><br />Column3:<br />atrSpread is the contribution of spread into the volatility .(measured with atr)<br />​too much spread in volatility = the price moves more due to spread than to real price action = red<br /><br />Column4:<br />AtrToVwap ... the distance to Vwap in ATR unit ... green above Vwap, red below Vwap<br />​<br />Column5:<br />AtrToHighofDay ... the distance to High of Day in ATR unit ... green when less than 1 ATR to HoD<br />-------------------------<br />If you want an even more awesome experience with our community, Hop in Discord and become a ZemMember. You will get access to our special scanners and tools:<br /><br />Comparison chart: Free Youtube vs Zenmember Subscription (Discord):<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://tinyurl.com/44p5pswf">https://tinyurl.com/44p5pswf</a><br /><br />Join our Discord server: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://discord.gg/XFXWmDW">https://discord.gg/XFXWmDW</a> <br /><br />-------------------------<br />#DayTrading #StockMarket #StockTrading #daytrade #tradeideas #learntotrade #livescanner  #trading<br /><br />-------------------------<br />DISCLAIMER: You know, that boring thing that says that what we do here is for entertainment purposes and is the reflection of personal opinions and that we always encourage you to trade exclusively what you understand and never follow on anyone's opinion? ... well, it is boring but true! (and obviously an obligation !) ... also watch left and right before crossing the street! ...and smile at people, it is good for you, and good for them.{% endraw %}
