---
title: "What is REMORSE? What does REMORSE mean? REMORSE meaning, definition & explanation"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/nNSTgjOGHlA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "nNSTgjOGHlA"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["dictionary","english dictionary","online dictionary"]
date: "2021-09-12T22:01:19+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-01-17T12:43:42Z"
duration: "PT8M45S"
viewcount: "8531"
likeCount: ""
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Audiopedia"
---
{% raw %}✪✪✪✪✪ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.theaudiopedia.com">http://www.theaudiopedia.com</a> ✪✪✪✪✪<br /><br />What is REMORSE? What does REMORSE mean? REMORSE meaning - REMORSE pronunciation - REMORSE definition - REMORSE explanation - How to pronounce REMORSE?<br /><br />Source: Wikipedia.org article, adapted under <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/">https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/</a> license.<br /><br />Remorse is an emotional expression of personal regret felt by a person after they have committed an act which they deem to be shameful, hurtful, or violent. Remorse is closely allied to guilt and self-directed resentment. When a person regrets an earlier action or failure to act, it may be because of remorse or in response to various other consequences, including being punished for the act or omission. In a legal context, the perceived remorse of an offender is assessed by Western justice systems during trials, sentencing, parole hearings, and in restorative justice. However, it has been pointed out that epistemological problems arise in assessing an offender's level of remorse.<br /><br />A person who is incapable of feeling remorse is often labelled with antisocial personality disorder - as characterized in the DSM IV-TR. In general, a person needs to be unable to feel fear, as well as remorse, in order to develop psychopathic traits. Legal and business professions such as insurance have done research on the expression of remorse via apologies, primarily because of the potential litigation and financial implications.<br /><br />Two studies on apologising are &quot;The Five Languages of Apology&quot; by Gary Chapman and Jennifer Thomas and &quot;On Apology&quot; by Aaron Lazare. These studies indicate that effective apologies that express remorse typically include a detailed account of the offense; acknowledgment of the hurt or damage done; acceptance of the responsibility for, and ownership of, the act or omission; an explanation that recognises one's role. As well, apologies usually include a statement or expression of regret, humility or remorse; a request for forgiveness; and an expression of a credible commitment to change or a promise that it will not happen again. Apologies may also include some form of restitution, compensation or token gesture in line with the damage that you caused. John Kleefeld has encapsulated this into &quot;four Rs&quot; that typically make for a fully effective apology: remorse, responsibility, resolution and reparation. When an apology is delayed, for instance if a friend has been wronged and the offending party does not apologise, the perception of the offense can compound over time. This is sometimes known as compounding remorse. Compunction refers to the act of actively expressing remorse, usually requiring the remorseful individual to physically approach the person to whom they are expressing regret.<br /><br />Psychopathic individuals are best known for their flagrant disregard for social and moral norms. Psychopaths have dysfunctional personal relationships, characterized by violence, exploitation, and philandering. Emotionally, they are incapable of feeling guilt or empathy, they respond abnormally to fear and pain, and other emotions are shallow compared to population norms. Psychopaths refuse to adopt social and moral norms because they are not swayed by the emotions, such as guilt, remorse, or fear of retribution, that influence other human beings.<br /><br />As human beings, we hold dear to the value of remorse. The lack of remorse leads us to all believe a person to be despicable. It is widely accepted that remorse is the proper reaction to any misconduct. Remorse may originate in from either actual or contrived regret for the misconduct that results in getting caught or causing harm. Research has shown that the facial expressions of offenders on trial affect the jury's attitude and, in turn, the sentencing decision. While remorse may present guilt that may influence a jury's decision, a lack of remorse influences the jury even more because it is one trait of psychopathy.{% endraw %}
