---
title: "How to create an impressive and interactive Dashboard using spreadsheet | Excel Dashboard"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/9w2BKBorUmA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "9w2BKBorUmA"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["planning","Google Sheets","Dashboard"]
date: "2021-10-04T06:50:09+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-08-14T11:35:15Z"
duration: "PT14M6S"
viewcount: "189"
likeCount: "19"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Game of Life"
---
{% raw %}Data means little on its own. Open a spreadsheet packed with numbers, and it's difficult to tell what's improving and where you should focus your efforts.<br /><br />That's one of the things that makes reporting on numbers—your site traffic, store sales, or sign-up growth—so frustrating. You have to find the data, figure out how to make sense of it, and then write about what the data shows.<br /><br />Wouldn't it be better if you could make a dashboard that automatically turns your numbers into clear, actionable insights?<br /><br />With a spreadsheet and some data integrations, you can build the custom dashboard of your dreams. <br /><br />Learn how to create dynamic dashboards in Google Sheets. This video tutorial will demonstrate examples of skills that will help you create functional and good looking dashboards.Learn how to get started creating reports and dashboards in this Google Spreadsheet tutorial for beginners. You will learn how to create your first report, including adding a data source, adding charts and how to customize your report. Let's get started! <br /><br />Template - <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lwgJY82L-pElp4bw-1V-NhZsXO0eqX0NS2SLF063DTU/edit?usp=sharing">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lwgJY82L-pElp4bw-1V-NhZsXO0eqX0NS2SLF063DTU/edit?usp=sharing</a><br /><br />Formula - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1L9GyAxJOv5H3Vmrcmw6CUOPGQu6IiAQqfIE0ssy9Z2Y/edit?usp=sharing">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1L9GyAxJOv5H3Vmrcmw6CUOPGQu6IiAQqfIE0ssy9Z2Y/edit?usp=sharing</a><br /><br />                                ** Please Like, Share and Subscribe **<br /><br />-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />#ExcelDashboard #GoogleSpreadsheet<br /><br />In this video, you will learn how to create a fully automated spreadsheet dashboard. <br /><br />#datastudio #google #powerbi<br />-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Facebook - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/gameoflifewithbongs/?ref=aymt_homepage_panel&amp;eid=ARCJ7IcH-S5_-l2mG5oNY3Fnzx0x0pPPFdTFCvFhlXHYxqwQzcciBJ2wYbiELXj1HRI8WWawQaAcYUiZ">https://www.facebook.com/gameoflifewithbongs/?ref=aymt_homepage_panel&amp;eid=ARCJ7IcH-S5_-l2mG5oNY3Fnzx0x0pPPFdTFCvFhlXHYxqwQzcciBJ2wYbiELXj1HRI8WWawQaAcYUiZ</a><br /><br />Instagram: game_of_life_with_bongs<br /><br />-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Tags: <br /><br />Google Sheets: Visualize Data in a Dashboard with Charts, Pivot Tables, and Slicer filters Combined<br />How to Create Impressive Interactive Excel Dashboard | Ultimate Excel Dashboard Ep. 1<br />Beginner's Guide to Excel Dashboards<br />Fully Automated Excel dashboard with multiple source files | No VBA used<br />How to build a Well-Designed and Interactive Excel Dashboard with Pivot Tables and Pivot Charts<br /><br />Google Sheets,Dashboard,Tutorial,google dashboard,google data studio,data studio,data studio google,google data studio tutorial,google sheets dashboard,data studio tutorial,what is data studio,data studio google analytics,data studio dashboard,data studio connectors,data studio report,google data studio stacked bar chart,data studio geo map,data studio examples,data studio map,data studio filter control,data studio google sheets,data studio filters,data studio charts,railsware,coupler.io,Google Data Studio,Google Analytics,Dashboards,Web reporting,Data,excel dashboard,interactive excel dashboard,excel dashboard design,create excel dashboard,build excel dashboard,office 365,pivot chart,pivot tables,how to create interactive excel dashboard,how to build interactive excel dashboard,the office lab,excel dashboard tutorial,excel dashboard template,excel dashboar download,dashboard in excel,interactive dashboard in excel,dashboard,creative excel dashboard,excel 2019,excel 2016,excel vba,excel slicers,Power Query tutorial,Data consolidation in Excel from multiple files and worksheets,Sales Dashboard in Excel,Business Dashboard in Excel,BI dashboard in Excel using Power Query,Power Dashboard in Excel,Dynamic Folder Path in Power Query to consolidate the data,Advanced Excel Dashboard tutorial{% endraw %}
