---
title: "How To Do a Perfect Sit-Up (5 EASY STEPS!)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/-WSon5E798w\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "-WSon5E798w"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["vshred","vince sant","how to do a situp"]
date: "2021-10-02T13:11:27+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-07-23T13:00:00Z"
duration: "PT9M30S"
viewcount: "1046693"
likeCount: "23870"
dislikeCount: "671"
channel: "V Shred"
---
{% raw %}For 3 free tips on how to build a six pack fast customized for your body type and your goals, take my free body type fitness quiz - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://vshred.fit/perfectsitup">http://vshred.fit/perfectsitup</a><br /><br />What’s going on guys! In today’s video, I'm going to show how to do the PERFECT sit up! I see a lot of people doing the sit-up wrong and not getting the results they want out of the exercise. These 5 steps will make sure you get a perfect sit-up each and every rep so you can get those shredded 6 pack abs you want!<br /><br />👇 How To Do a Perfect Sit-Up (5 EASY STEPS!) 👇<br /><br />Step 1 - LOCK your feet into place. This way you aren't fighting against your upper and lower body to stay balanced. This will allow you to truly focus on crunching with your abs. I like to use dumbbells for this, and you'll want a set of heavy dumbbells so they don't move during the movement.<br /><br />Step 2 - LOCK your upper body into place. There's no right way to truly do this - just avoid moving or swinging as you do the crunch. You can place your hands on your chest, behind your head or even on the ground (avoid pushing on the ground if you choose this).<br /><br />Step 3 - EXHALE as you do the sit-up. This will allow you to fully feel the exercise in your abs as you should be - this will create a better mind muscle contraction. You want to blow out as hard as you can here so you truly get the flex in your abs.<br /><br />Step 4 - STOP RESTING at the top of the rep. Stop right before the very top or flex your abs at the very top so you don't loose the contraction. You want to keep tension on your abs during the entire rep.<br /><br />Step 5 - STOP RESTING at the bottom of the rep. Avoid trying to catch a breathe at the bottom as you will loose tension. Don't let your shoulders completely touch the ground, stop just before then so you can keep tension on your abs the entire rep.<br /><br />👇 Trying this tip out? Drop a comment below and let me know how this helped you! Don't forget to subscribe for more videos as well!<br /><br />How To Do a Perfect Sit-Up (5 EASY STEPS!)<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/-WSon5E798w">https://youtu.be/-WSon5E798w</a><br />--------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Check out My Supplement Stacks! <br /><br />For Fat Loss : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://vshred.fit/YTFatLossStack148">http://vshred.fit/YTFatLossStack148</a><br /><br />For Muscle Building : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://vshred.fit/YTMuscleBuildingStack148">http://vshred.fit/YTMuscleBuildingStack148</a><br />-------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />Intro Song: Always Have by Castor Troy{% endraw %}
