---
title: "Count to 1-100 | Learn Counting | Number Song 1 to 100 | One To Hundred Maths Lesson - Arithmetic"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/jQMUa2zIchs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "jQMUa2zIchs"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Learn","Counting","In"]
date: "2021-11-16T16:26:25+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-06-20T07:13:35Z"
duration: "PT6M31S"
viewcount: "16259975"
likeCount: "66298"
dislikeCount: "24576"
channel: "Catrack Kids TV"
---
{% raw %}Count to 1-100 | Learn Counting | Number Song 1 to 100 | One To Hundred Maths Lesson - Arithmetic<br /><br />A number is a mathematical object used to count, measure, and label. The original examples are the natural numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, and so forth. A written symbol like “5” that represents a number is called a numeral. A numeral system is an organized way to write and manipulate this type of symbol, for example the Hindu–Arabic numeral system allows combinations of numerical digits like “5” and “0” to represent larger numbers like 50. A numeral in linguistics can refer to a symbol like 5, the words or phrase that names a number, like “five hundred”, or other words that mean a specific number, like “dozen”. In addition to their use in counting and measuring, numerals are often used for labels (as with telephone numbers), for ordering (as with serial numbers), and for codes (as with ISBNs). In common usage, the number may refer to a symbol, a word or phrase, or a mathematical object.<br /><br />Numbers play an important role in our lives. Almost all the things we do involve numbers and Mathematics. Whether we like it or not, our life revolves in numbers since the day we were born. There are numerous numbers directly or indirectly connected to our lives.<br /><br />The following are some uses of numbers in our daily life.<br /><br />1. Calling a member of a family or a friend using a mobile phone.2. Calculating your daily budget for your food, transportation, and other expenses.3. Cooking, or anything that involves the idea of proportion and percentage.4. Weighing fruits, vegetables, meat, chicken, and others in market.5. Using elevators to go places or floors in the building.6. Looking at the price of discounted items in a shopping mall.7.  Looking for the number of people who liked your post on Facebook.8.  Switching the channels of your favorite TV shows.9. Telling time you spent on work or school.10. Computing the interest you gained on your business.<br /><br />Created At: H.L Studio<br />Music: Micky B<br />Animation: Pankaj Singh<br />Voice Over : Sanjana Silag and Micky B<br />Powered By:  Catrack Entertainment Pvt. LTD<br /><br />Catrack Kids Channel is an online fun learning educational platform, dedicated to nurturing young minds into young intellectuals. <br />So let your kids enjoy this fun learning journey with Popular and Latest Videos.<br /><br />Learn more from new animated educational kids' videos. <br />For Latest Updates Subscribe to our channel for regular updates: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/1c6ulo">https://goo.gl/1c6ulo</a><br /><br />Watch Your Favourite Videos On Heeroz Punjabi OTT: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://heeroz.tv/">https://heeroz.tv/</a><br />Google Play Store <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.catrack">https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.catrack</a><br />Apple App Store <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://apps.apple.com/in/app/heeroz/id1526786867">https://apps.apple.com/in/app/heeroz/id1526786867</a>{% endraw %}
