---
title: "Mason did not expect Tiny to make that play. 100 style points!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/pnoQ6A10FgE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "pnoQ6A10FgE"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["dota 2","the international 10","ti10"]
date: "2021-10-04T05:24:13+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-03T05:15:02Z"
duration: "PT21S"
viewcount: "7419"
likeCount: "59"
dislikeCount: "1"
channel: "Dota 2 studio"
---
{% raw %}Welcome to Dota 2 Studio where we share Dota 2 clips on a daily basis proving you tips and tricks for Dota along with Funny plays and some of the best moments that happen in the Dota 2 scenes including weekly highlights and more. <br /><br />Every video in our channel is educational content with the majority being interesting/amazing content, few being news, few being funny, few being fails, and half being our own recordings with or without voice and lots of editing which non the less teaches every viewer tips and tricks which will help viewers improve their game and experience without fail.<br /><br />Credits to: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.twitch.tv/masondota2">https://www.twitch.tv/masondota2</a><br /><br />Subscribe to our channel Dota 2 Studio for your daily dose of Dota 2.<br /><br />Send us your clips if you want to be featured on our channel: dota2studio247@gmail.com<br /><br />If you want to help/support the channel by donating skins (csgo, dota2, steam):<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=181347489&amp;token=zgCdrnGo">https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=181347489&amp;token=zgCdrnGo</a><br /><br />About our work:<br />We spend more than 10 hours a day, searching for good educational(we also mix things up and find funny/fails/pog/interesting/amazing) clips, spend our most time editing(adding necessary fundaments, adding meme stuff to make it more fun if the clip is for entertainment), creating thumbnails, etc so that our viewers never get bored watching our content, are always having fun/enjoying themselves and are also learning something new from every video every single day. We try to upload 1 video per hour because recording appropriate content, editing them, and creating a thumbnail takes time. So we ask for forgiveness when we cannot deliver video in our exact time period but we are always working hard every day and we thank you for your patience.<br /><br />What do we Record and Edit our Video with?<br />Recording: MSI AfterBurner<br />Editing: Adobe Premiere Pro CC 2020<br />Thumbnail: Adobe Photoshop CC 2020<br /><br />Permission from Valve to use Dota 2 Footage:  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://store.steampowered.com/video_policy">https://store.steampowered.com/video_policy</a><br /><br />We provide source &amp; credit for all footage - you can find the links to all original sources &amp; music in the rest of the description.<br /><br />VIDEO CONTEXT DISCLAIMER:<br />We obtain and compile clips to fit under the guise of a compelling narrative via interesting and exciting video concepts and themes for each video. We also add significant editing to make the work transformative from the original creations and fair use.<br /><br />#dota2twitch<br />#masondota2<br />#dota2pro{% endraw %}
