---
title: "Mitski - Nobody (Lyrics)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/AMptW7Ij7CI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "AMptW7Ij7CI"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["lyrics","lyric video","lyric"]
date: "2021-10-31T06:05:22+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-07-23T12:45:12Z"
duration: "PT3M14S"
viewcount: "8042114"
likeCount: "188045"
dislikeCount: "1542"
channel: "The Tiny Majority"
---
{% raw %}&quot;Around the thirtieth time Mitski cries out to “nobody, nobody, nobody” on her latest single, “Nobody,” the word begins to dissolve at the edges into a spectral echo, as if somebody has slipped so far from her imagination that its shape is decaying. “Nobody,” from her upcoming album Be the Cowboy, is Mitski gone disco, and she uses this shining opportunity to sing a love song to the void. The “planet of love” has been “destroyed by global warming,” Mitski sings, and so she won’t be going there. (...)<br /><br />“Nobody” feels like a disarming glance into Mitski’s diary, though she is too wise for wallowing: “I know no one will save me,” she sings, a beam of self-assurance. Mitski wants “one good movie kiss,” but in the process she creates a more relatable idea: The lonely movies of people getting by on their own, replete with a consoling beat to dance to. (Mitski stars in her own, hairbrush microphone in hand, in the fantastically odd “Nobody” video.) Of course, as Mitski dedicates this lovely disco ballad to “nobody, nobody,” she conjures a feeling to which anyone can relate.&quot; - Pitchfork, Jenn Pelly, June 26 2018<br /><br />Check out her official website where you can order 'Be the Cowboy': <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://mitski.com">https://mitski.com</a><br /><br />Watch the official music video of the song: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qooWnw5rEcI">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qooWnw5rEcI</a><br /><br />♪ lyrics ♪ <br /><br />My God, I'm so lonely<br />So I open the window<br />To hear sounds of people<br />To hear sounds of people<br /><br />Venus, planet of love<br />Was destroyed by global warming<br />Did its people want too much too?<br />Did its people want too much?<br /><br />And I don't want your pity<br />I just want somebody near me<br />Guess I'm a coward<br />I just want to feel alright<br /><br />And I know no one will save me<br />I just need someone to kiss<br />Give me one good honest kiss<br />And I'll be alright<br /><br />Nobody, nobody, nobody<br />Nobody, nobody<br />Ooh, nobody, nobody, nobody<br /><br />I've been big and small <br />And big and small <br />And big and small again<br />And still nobody wants me<br />Still nobody wants me<br /><br />And I know no one will save me<br />I'm just asking for a kiss<br />Give me one good movie kiss<br />And I'll be alright<br /><br />Nobody, nobody, nobody<br />Nobody, nobody<br />Ooh, nobody, nobody<br /><br />Nobody, nobody, nobody<br />Nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody<br />Nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody<br />Nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody<br />Nobody, nobody<br />Nobody, nobody, no<br />______________________________________<br />Feel free to like, comment or subscribe to our channel for new uploads!<br /><br />Tiny Majority Music's main focus is the promotion of underground artists of many different genres like indie rock, bedroom pop, lofi, hip-hop and more. We publish lyric videos every week of new releases or songs that we like.<br /><br />If you would like us to make a video of a song you like, or just wanna talk about music (because music is life!), drop us a message on Instagram! :)<br /><br />Follow us on Instagram where we post updates and more: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/tinymajoritymusic/">https://www.instagram.com/tinymajoritymusic/</a><br /><br />If you're a new artist and you would like us to promote your work, feel free to send us requests! Contact: tinymajoritymusic@gmail.com<br /><br />I do not own the background picture. All credit goes to the owner.<br /><br />All credits go to Mitski and Dead Oceans. <br />I do not own this song and I have no intentions to violate copyright laws.<br /><br />k-yumi{% endraw %}
