---
title: "“Heavenly rich Chocolate cake”, best cake for a celebration! I bet you will love it | Traditional Me"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/VpaUGQQsa7o\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "VpaUGQQsa7o"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["cooking","recipe","traditional"]
date: "2021-10-19T23:41:41+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-04T13:47:13Z"
duration: "PT34M5S"
viewcount: "2660135"
likeCount: "60334"
dislikeCount: "1801"
channel: "Traditional Me"
---
{% raw %}I started to travel back in my memory lane to that sweet and special day when you first visited our home in March 2020. It seemed like yesterday of that beautiful memory of the yummy breakfast of string hoppers with turkeyberry coconut starry and tomato white curry which was there that day. I regret the chance that I missed to invite you that day for evening tea with extra sun-dried and deep fried puffed spring hoppers, drizzled up with treacle.<br /><br />Then began an unforgettable loving journey where you never missed to step into our home at least twice a month. The frequent lovely Compliments started to pour in. You never forget to tell us that the each dish that was made is tasty. You started to notice and appreciate the deep bond among grandmother, Malli(Brother) and myself. It was overwhelming. Whenever we laughed, you got together and laughed with us. I recalled how you stated about the feel of the cool breeze which blew from the paddy fields margin our house. How you compared  the natural splendour of the blue sky above and the green valleys with crystal clear water flows to a heavenly paradise! Truly You said that you love my country Sri Lanka and also telling that we, who are living in it are so blessed. You were always there waiting for us on the days that we got slightly delayed. So genuinely You always applauded our victories and achievements with sheer joy and happiness.<br /><br />To celebrate that year long beautiful friendship, I made one of my favourite chocolate cake , with gold leaves and decorated with red cherries to enjoy with you. Since I was sure of your visit as the golden rays of early morning sun, I got some patties with a shape of spreaded sun rays done by my brother.<br /><br />So here by I cordially invite the million of you my dearest friends, among the hundreds of millions who visited our home at least once to taste a piece of chocolate cake, and to taste a patty which was made by Malli and to taste that special cup of tea made specially for you by Grandmother.<br /><br />Love you All!<br />Nadee<br /><br />——————————————————<br /><br />© All rights reserved<br />“Heavenly rich Chocolate cake”, best cake for a celebration! I bet you will love it | Traditional Me<br /><br />——————————————————<br /><br />Please turn on CC (Subtitles) to know the ingredient names. <br /><br />乡村烹饪 cuisine de village गाँव का खाना बनाना cucina del villaggio طبخ القرية Dorfkochen 村の料理 dorp koken 마을 요리 pagluluto ng nayon деревенская кухня cozinha da vila ഗ്രാമീണ പാചകം cocina del pueblo গ্রাম রান্না vesnické vaření landsby madlavning ចម្អិនអាហារតាមភូមិ kylän ruoanlaitto गाउँ खाना पकाउने masakan desa கிராம சமையல் masakan kampung หมู่บ้านทำอาหาร gotowanie na wsi köy pişirme làng nấu ăn ရွာချက်ပြုတ် μαγειρική στο χωριό villa coctione<br /><br />Inspired by 李子柒 Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge<br /><br />Watch all my videos(playlist) - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gz7Dd......">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gz7Dd......</a><br />Music - Traditional Me © <br />FACEBOOK : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/traditionalm...">https://www.facebook.com/traditionalm...</a><br /><br />#villagecooking​​​​​ #srilankanfood​​​​​ #traditionalme​​​​​ #village​​​​​ #villagelife​​​​​ #villagefood​​​​​ #nadee​​​​​ #countryfood​​​​​ #dessert​​​ #srilankancooking{% endraw %}
