---
title: "Foxconn Unveils Model C, Model E And Model T EVs With Up To 740 HP"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/AxxwCfq548c\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "AxxwCfq548c"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["carwow","china","car car reviews"]
date: "2021-10-19T21:34:36+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-19T11:34:57Z"
duration: "PT4M19S"
viewcount: "46"
likeCount: "2"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "D&B Review"
---
{% raw %}Foxconn Unveils Model C, Model E And Model T EVs With Up To 740 HP.<br />Foxconn has used their Tech Day event to introduce three electric prototypes known as the Model C, Model E and Model T.<br /><br />While we’re sure Ford isn’t thrilled with the names, the Model C is a relatively stylish crossover that features a carbon fiber hood and slender headlights that are separated by a “Foxtron” badge.<br /><br />The model has a drag coefficient of 0.27 and this was made possible thanks to a sleek design, which incorporates streamlined bodywork as well as flush-mounted door handles. The model also sports black cladding, a contrasting upper section and wraparound LED taillights.<br />In terms of size, the crossover measures 182.7 inches (4640 mm) long and has a wheelbase that spans 112.6 inches (2860 mm). This enables it to seat up to seven people.<br /><br />Speaking of the interior, the cabin features a minimalist digital instrument cluster and a freestanding infotainment system. It also boasts a rotary shifter, a flat-bottom steering wheel and only a handful of physical controls.<br /><br />Performance specifications are limited, but the Model C will reportedly be able to accelerate from 0-62 mph (0-100 km/h) in just 3.8 seconds. The crossover is also slated to have a range of 435 miles (700 km).<br />Moving on, the Model E was jointly designed with Pininfarina and looks a bit like a generic Audi. It rides on massive wheels and has lighting units that can display messages to other motorists. Other highlights include digital side mirrors, muscular rear fenders and front fender vents.<br /><br />Foxconn bills the car as a “technologically innovative luxury flagship sedan,” so it comes as little surprise the model features a luxurious and high-tech interior. Drivers sit behind a leather-wrapped steering wheel and find themselves looking at a freestanding digital instrument cluster which is flanked by two other displays.<br />The car also sports a massive panoramic glass roof as well as a rear passenger compartment that can be transformed into a “dedicated mobile office.” Speaking of which, the model has a 1+2 seating configuration that recalls the Volvo XC90 Excellence. This is a relatively unique layout and it features two individual rear seats that are separated by a console with a large display.<br /><br />Despite being designed to be chauffeured in, the Model E packs around 740 hp (552 kW / 750 PS) and can rocket from 0-62 mph (0-100 km/h) in 2.8 seconds. The car is also said to have a range of 466 miles (750 km) to “address the range anxiety of most electric car users.”<br /><br />Last but not least, there’s the Model T which is described as a “stylish urban bus.” It doesn’t seem terribly exciting, but it has a range of 249+ miles (400+ km) and can hit a top speed of 75 mph (120 km/h).<br />&quot;D&amp;B Review&quot; is a channel for car reviews. We are always looking for a new discovery in cars. We always have the most detailed rating for each vehicle with the best rating for the viewer.<br />Please support by subscribe my channel: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/c/DBReview?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/c/DBReview?sub_confirmation=1</a><br />Leave a comment and share this video. Thank you!<br />#hyundai<br />#kia<br />#suv<br />#suvPiccolo<br />#autoCoreane<br />#carwow<br />#volvo<br />#china<br />#car<br />#carReviews<br />#carReview<br />#dragRace<br />#dragRacing<br />#carNews<br />#matWatson<br />#bmwReview<br />#mercedesReview<br />#audiReview<br />#Supercar<br />#Blondie<br />#carnews<br />#reviews<br />#videos<br />#autoExpress{% endraw %}
