---
title: "Considerable Conversations: When Two Beards Go To War! Arguing the case for MK12 Guest Characters"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/dLOnV14ORs0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "dLOnV14ORs0"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["Considerable","Conversations:","Beards"]
date: "2021-11-25T12:41:18+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-21T19:28:33Z"
duration: "PT2H34M49S"
viewcount: "26"
likeCount: "4"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Considerable Bulk"
---
{% raw %}3:45 - Welcome<br />7:19 - We figured out the audio issues!<br />8:21 - 1950's Transistor radios!<br />9:46 - Why no Iraklis tonight???<br />12:20 - *WHAT'S THIS PODCAST ABOUT???*<br />20:25 - Harperlarp is like Doom Guy<br />23:00 - *HOW ARE THESE BOOMERS GOING TO DO THIS???* (rules for the podcast)<br />24:55 - &quot;Hi, Ryu!&quot; Guest Number 1 for MK12 &quot;Mila and Him&quot;<br />26:54 - Leeloo<br />32:40 - Doom Slayer<br />37:32 - Costumes or Gear?<br />41:36 - Cinematics<br />42:23 - Hammerspace<br />43:39 - &quot;Hi, Chun!&quot; Guest Number 2 for MK12 &quot;Sarah and The Tramp&quot;<br />47:44 - Buffy the Vampire Slayer<br />54:58 - The Simultaneously Best and Worst Thing about MK Cinematics<br />56:12 - GILES AND COFFEE!!!<br />1:01:14 - We Hard Commit to the Caffeine Tangent!<br />1:05:01 - Talion<br />1:13:51 - VARIATIONS!!!<br />1:16:37 - &quot;Hi, Akuma!&quot; Guest Number 3 for MK12 &quot;It's Uma&quot;<br />1:22:58 - Beatrix Kiddo<br />1:31:01 - *CELEBRATION!!!*<br />1:39:15 - &quot;Hi, Kazuya!&quot; Honourable Mentions<br />1:40:39 - Bulk's other female characters that were worthy but he didn't pick 'em<br />1:43:48 - Bulk's male characters that were worthy but he didn't pick 'em<br />1:52:05 - Harperlarp's other characters that were worthy but he didn't pick 'em<br />1:57:01 - JOKE PICKS<br />1:57:22 - Harperlarp's joke characters that weren't good enough<br />1:59:01 - Godzilla<br />2:04:17 - He Man (Bulk's choice)<br />2:20:50 - Closing Thoughts<br /><br />From an ageing caravan in a derelict trailer park they gaze intimately into their crystal balls and fumble seagull bone runes of prophecy while getting high from a heavy kerosene fug to bring you this budget fortune teller's MK PODCAST!<br /><br />TWITCH STREAM held on Saturday 20th November @twitch.tv/CONSIDERABLEBULK<br />Mortal Kombat Flavoured Podcast with Added SPICE!!!<br /><br />Welcome to our little community channel!<br /><br />Old skool player with a passion for the fighting game community. <br />Our main focus is raising the profile of community players.<br /><br />Currently Virtua Fighter 5 Ultimate Showdown, Guilty Gear Strive, Mortal Kombat 11, Tekken 7, Mortal Kombat X and Injustice 2<br /><br />* Live group matches with community players<br /><br />* Live podcasts<br /><br />* Live solo streaming with Bulk<br /><br />* Uploaded tech videos<br /><br />* Uploaded discussion videos<br /><br />* Uploaded match footage with commentary<br /><br />Please like and subscribe if you enjoy your time here and spread the word amongst your friends!<br /><br />Thanks a bunch, Bulk<br /><br />Broadcasted live on Twitch -- Watch live at <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.twitch.tv/considerablebulk">https://www.twitch.tv/considerablebulk</a>{% endraw %}
