---
title: "How to Build Backlinks Without Paying for Them"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/MjO8lIQ68-8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "MjO8lIQ68-8"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["build backlinks","neil patel","high quality backlinks"]
date: "2021-11-07T02:21:08+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-07-15T14:00:04Z"
duration: "PT6M23S"
viewcount: "305110"
likeCount: "8374"
dislikeCount: "608"
channel: "Neil Patel"
---
{% raw %}Look, if you want to rank on Google you need backlinks. We all know this, it's hard, and that's why a lot of people pay for them, but you shouldn't pay for them. Paying for them is against Google's policy, it's a great way to get your site banned, it's short term, it's one of the silliest things you can do. So, if you don't pay for them how can you get them? Today I'm going to share with you how you can build backlinks without paying for them.<br /><br />RESOURCES &amp; LINKS: <br />____________________________________________<br />Why The Links You’re Building Don’t Bring You Any Traffic  [video]: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/pymmd-3Hrvw">https://youtu.be/pymmd-3Hrvw</a><br />____________________________________________<br /><br />Here's how you do it. <br /><br />Step one, I want you to head over to Backlinks, it's a free link building tool that I created for you.<br /><br />Go to neilpatel.com/backlinks and in the search bar put in your competitor URL, it'll show you all the people that link to your competitors.<br /><br />Within there I want you to search for the pages that they have that are the most popular.<br /><br />It'll show you that, you can see all the links, all the links that people are pointing to other than their home page.<br /><br />And through the Backlink's report you can also see that, you can see the backlink count for the whole domain, a specific URL, and when you find the right articles that competition's going after, you want to look at the backlink count for that URL.<br /><br />Now, if you're struggling to find really good pages, another easy thing you can do is when you're already in the Backlink's report, in the side bar click on top pages, it'll show you the top pages that your competitors are writing on, look at the ones that are most similar to you and you can also click the backlinks button there, it'll show you every single person that's linking to that article. <br /><br />Second step, whatever that article is that your competitors wrote that's similar or related to your industry, I want you to write a better version of that article.<br /><br />You know, if it's 1,000 words I want you to make it 5,000 words.<br /><br />Yes, I know that sounds crazy, requires a lot of work, but go in depth. And I'm not talking about just shoving in keywords and making it long for the sake of it.<br /><br />I'm talking about great amazing content.<br /><br />Well, when I'm saying write amazing content, I want you to do things like talk about, if you're going to write on how to make pizza, break down everything to, how do you pick the vegetables.<br /><br />Organic versus ones with pesticides. Do you need to drain out the water from the vegetables when you're cutting them up?<br /><br />What's the right length to cut your cucumbers?<br /><br />All the way to, how the water quality changes the taste of your dough. Do you use bottled water? Do you use tap water?<br /><br />And then how do you put your toppings? How do you cut it? What kind of fork and knife do you use to cut a pizza? Do you use that circular roller thing?<br /><br />I don't know how to cook because I'm not a cook, but you get the point. If that's how you make a pizza I just want super in depth, and I would try to go even more in depth than that.<br /><br /><br />I would also include GIFs, animated with images showing like the process of making the dough and spreading it out and tossing it in the air and then catching it and then my wife getting mad at me for making a mess in the kitchen. <br /><br />Again, I don't cook but I would be a fun experiment, why not try it out? <br /><br />So, you would do all these things, and making it super detailed is how you create better content than other people.<br /><br />Whether it's images, videos that you also want to add to your articles.<br /><br />Whether it's having a custom designer go in there and create graphics for you, all that adds up.<br /><br />You want your content to be better. This is the most important part in this step.<br /><br />It's not using my Backlinks tool, you can use anyone else's tool if you want, mine's just free. <br /><br />It's nothing else. <br /><br />This step, the second one, is the most important. <br /><br />Now, the last step you need to take, you need to email out everyone linking to your competition and break down why your article's better. <br /><br />But the real key is to do custom emails. <br /><br />Here are three other things that I break down that helps people get an index.<br /><br />And these three things are really easy, they can do that in two minutes. <br /><br />This other thing takes seven minutes but combined they're going to get a much better success ratio.<br /><br />Most of it is manual labor on your end, and that's why a lot of people don't have links. It's because they don't want to take the time to build all those links, it's just so time-consuming.<br /><br />With you, if you're willing to do that, you'll outpace your competition, rank higher, and gobble up their traffic.<br /> <br />► If you need help growing your business check out my ad agency Neil Patel Digital @ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://neilpateldigital.com/">https://neilpateldigital.com/</a> <br /><br />►Subscribe: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/ScRTwc">https://goo.gl/ScRTwc</a> to learn more secret SEO tips.<br />►Find me on Facebook: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/neilkpatel/">https://www.facebook.com/neilkpatel/</a><br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/MjO8lIQ68-8">https://youtu.be/MjO8lIQ68-8</a><br /><br />#SEO #NeilPatel #DigitalMarketing{% endraw %}
