---
title: "10 Animals That Can Live After Death"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/CXwXtx3ewmY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "CXwXtx3ewmY"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Top","Best","education"]
date: "2021-09-30T12:07:32+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-29T20:20:43Z"
duration: "PT10M52S"
viewcount: "5573"
likeCount: "317"
dislikeCount: "10"
channel: "Top 5 Best"
---
{% raw %}10 Animals That Can Live After Death<br /><br />If you're new, Subscribe! → <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://goo.gl/djmfuX">http://goo.gl/djmfuX</a><br /><br />For copyright queries or general inquiries please get in touch: top5bestbusiness@gmail.com<br /><br />Sources: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://pastebin.com/EdnJdhmX">https://pastebin.com/EdnJdhmX</a><br /><br />Top 5 Best is the #1 place for all your heart warming stories about amazing people that will inspire you everyday. Make sure to subscribe and never miss a single video!<br /><br />#viralstory #amazingpeople #top5best<br /><br /><br />10 Animals That Can Live After Death<br />The ability to live even after apparent death has long been sought after by us humans. You think that old Chris Columbus sailed out purely to discover the new world? Believe it or not, he actually believed in the fountain of youth and one big reason for his journey was to find it. <br />Animals, however, don’t need to search far and wide for this ability. Some of them already have it, and these are the animals that we will be talking about today.<br />To an ever resilient insect to something that is probably truly immortal, here are 10 animals that can live after death.<br /><br />Number 10. Cockroaches<br />Let’s start off with something really obvious shall we? Cockroaches are infamous for their tenacity, and are often cited as the most likely survivors of a nuclear war. And, get this, they can even survive without their heads.<br />Cockroaches can go on living for weeks, and that’s because of their amazing biology. Let’s talk about it and understand why they can keep running around with their heads chopped off while we humans can’t<br />First of all, human’s bleed. The tiniest cut can make us bleed, much more chopping our heads off. For cockroaches, bleeding out isn’t really a problem. Thanks to their open circulatory system, they barely have a blood pressure, if any at all. So, if their head’s lopped off, the wound just closes naturally due to clotting.<br />And secondly, and probably obviously, human heads hold quite a bit important part of our body; our brains, and needless to say, without this lump of gray matter, we all cease to function. But cockroaches don’t need their heads to breath, as they do this process through little holes located on their bodies, called spiracles. Although a headless cockroach will die of starvation eventually, it will take weeks for them to do so.<br /><br />Number 9. Turtles<br />Did you know that the hearts of fish, reptiles, birds and mammals alike have their own pacemaker cells? These cells actually take over when the signals from the brainstem stop for whatever reason, and this makes sure that the heart continues to function even if the brain doesn’t, at least, for a while.<br />In the case of turtles, for a while means a very long time. In fact, to a turtle’s heart, being cut off from the oxygen and nutrients usually supplied by the blood is basically a daily occurrence. That’s because, despite being air breathers, turtles can dive for long periods of time. How long? Well, in the case of the musk loggerhead turtle, about 5000 hours in one go. They survive that long by what oxygen they can take up from the water via their skin, throat and butt-end, as well as their bodies' amazing potential for producing energy without oxygen. Their hearts have their own fuel stash, and they just won't give up until every last drop of that has been used up.<br /><br />Number 8. The Octopus<br />Thinking about eating live octopus? First of all, why would you, you monster, and secondly, I suggest you change your mind if you value your life. These guys are so tenacious that even if they are chopped to bits, they could still do a lot of damage, possibly even kill.<br />They have this zombie like ability because their central nervous system is quite unique; two thirds of their brain cells are not in the brain where you would expect them to be, but rather in their tentacles. And these tentacles can continue reacting to stimuli even after they are no longer connected to the main brain; in fact, they remain responsive even after the octopus has been long dead and the arms severed. Some have been seen still moving after a week of being chopped off.<br /><br />Number 7. Chickens<br />I’m sure you’ve already heard that chickens can still run around even if their heads are chopped off. And if you go ask any farmer, they’ll tell you that it’s absolutely true.  There is a very simple reason for this, and it’s not because chickens will be the catalyst for the zombie apocalypse. It’s actually human error.<br />A butcher’s error to be more specific. You see, a chicken’s central nervous system extremely different from what we have. Some basic bodily functions are governed not by the brain itself, but by certain parts of the brain stem. So what does this have to do with zombie chickens?<br />Well, if a butcher chops a chicken’s head to high, most of the time it’s just the forebrain of the chicken that comes off with its head, leaving the brain stem and the cerebellum quite untouched. In fact, if the butcher also misses the jugular, not only will the chicken continue to move, it sometimes can still breath.{% endraw %}
