---
title: "Beach Guard Ambulance & Helicopter Rescue Flight - Android GamePlay"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/CdP-Yo8r-_4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "CdP-Yo8r-_4"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["gameplay android","android games","android gameplay"]
date: "2021-10-31T08:22:57+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-05-01T17:00:12Z"
duration: "PT11M4S"
viewcount: "6757800"
likeCount: "8307"
dislikeCount: "2695"
channel: "King Games"
---
{% raw %}❤ Please Subscribe to the Channel : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGu9-9FqQtXAitxkOnHzz6Q?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGu9-9FqQtXAitxkOnHzz6Q?sub_confirmation=1</a><br /><br />--- ↓ More Information &amp; App Download ↓ ---<br /><br />➔ Game Developer : Games Laft <br /><br />➔ Beach Guard : Ambulance &amp; Helicopter Rescue Flight is the best coast guard duty game. Drive, ambulance and futuristic helicopter rescue adventure to perform safeguard close to the shoreline.  The game has amazing features and multiple duties as a coast guard.  This fascinating water surfing diversion give you most gutsy ride, the user will take the duty of both ambulance driver and helicopter rescue flight. Go as fast as you can through the realistic 3D city of this rescue ambulance simulator game to save the patient in the back of your ambulance. The game features multiple levels in the game as the user will drive the ambulance and pursuit the rescue of people that suffering from the injury, mishap and accident. Go at ludicrous speeds and it is surely not an illusion that the patients are nearly dyeing.  The user has to drive fast and make sure that citizens are rescued in time and get the proper team.  A lot of driving skills and flying skills are necessary to complete all the timeless challenging missions of this life saving helicopter simulator.<br /><br />The user will drive the ambulance and get the bonus points by performing duty and take the patient to the hospital. Become the best ambulance rescue missions parker that every life threatened persons wants. The game not only features the mission that user has to perform through an ambulance but user will also fly the helicopter in the city. The user will have the best helicopter in this flight simulator game, the user will also be involved in fire extinguishing &amp; similar mission. Become a real helicopter pilot and fly the wounded into the hospital. Perform multiple rescue mission by flying the helicopter. The user has to drive fast and make sure that citizens are rescued in time and get the proper team. The user will fly helicopter rescue people drowning in sea as the user has to take helicopter to the marked location.<br /><br />Realistic Gameplay with amazing flight controls.<br />Beach environment along with amazing seas.<br />Multiple ambulances and helicopter to fly.<br />Have yourself the multiple controls in this game.<br />The game has efficient processing.<br />The game has amazing display without any lagging.<br />The game has high rate of Frames per Second.<br />Constant communication with air traffic control room.<br />Maeday message passing and amazing procedure for emergency landing.<br />The game amazing physics written for helicopter flight.<br />Challenging levels in the game tests user skill of helicopter flight.<br />Impressive and intuitive on screen controls for the fans of army helicopter flying games.<br />Drive the fastest ambulance and turn on the siren.<br />Pass through traffic and reach the destination safely.{% endraw %}
