---
title: "The Importance of Shrewdness  & Deception in Leadership. | Pavan Choudary | TEDxTaxilaBusinessSchool"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/n1jLqM_PlxI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "n1jLqM_PlxI"
categories: "Nonprofits-Activism"
tags: ["TEDxTalks","English","Life"]
date: "2021-10-03T13:10:05+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-09-10T16:11:31Z"
duration: "PT12M41S"
viewcount: "12501"
likeCount: "290"
dislikeCount: "5"
channel: "TEDx Talks"
---
{% raw %}Being shrewd should not be seen as ugly and manipulative. Even the holiest of men have<br />been shrewd, if not for themselves then for their friends.” “In fact Shrewdness is<br />unapologetically necessary for successful navigation in leadership.” “And to achieve<br />breakthrough results against entrenched interests a leader needs deception.” <br /> “For a leader to be great he must have the dove, the fox and the snake in him.” Pavan<br />Choudary is the Managing Director of a leading French<br />Multinational, Vygon India. He is a Trustee with the Lal Bahadur National Memorial Trust, and sits on the<br />Advisory board of the Executive search firm, Executive Access .He is the Chairman of the<br />Medical Technology Association of India &amp;amp; Independent Director with Transasia Bio Medicals ltd. Author of the best-selling- How a Good person can really win (Earlier version-When You<br />are sinking become a Submarine),·He Has won the Intellectual<br />Icon of the Year Award’, ‘Business Excellence Award’ and , ‘Global Leadership Award’. He<br />conceptualized and hosted the TV show, Hum Aisey Kyun Hain? (Why are we like<br />that?) more than 70 episodes of which have been telecast nationally in India by Doordarshan<br />National, and wrote columns with the Times of India and the Deccan Chronicle.. This talk was<br />given at a TEDx event using the TED conference format but independently organized by a local<br />community. Learn more at <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.ted.com/tedx">https://www.ted.com/tedx</a> Pavan Choudary is the CEO and Managing Director of Vygon India Pvt. Ltd., a leading French Multinational in Healthcare.<br />Prior to this, he held senior positions at large Indian and Foreign MNCs.He is the Chairman of the Medical Technology Association of India &amp; Independent Director with Transasia Bio Medicals ltd.<br /> He is the promoter of the Unified Leadership &amp; Wisdom Village Publications.<br />He is a Trustee with the Lal Bahadur National Memorial Trust, and sits on the Advisory board of the Executive Access Pvt Ltd. <br />Author of the best-selling- How a Good person can really win (Earlier version-When You are sinking become a Submarine) - recipient of the prestigious Eric Hoffer Award, Book Excellence Award and The Readers’ Favorite Award (finalist).<br />· Has won 'Intellectual Icon of the Year Award’, ‘Business Excellence Award’ , ‘Global Leadership Award’. He assimilated TV show, Hum Aisey Kyun Hain? more than 70 episodes of which have been telecasted nationally by Doordarshan National. This talk was given at a TEDx event using the TED conference format but independently organized by a local community. Learn more at <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.ted.com/tedx">https://www.ted.com/tedx</a>{% endraw %}
