---
title: "The CREEPY Video That Led To Clues Of A 12 Year Old Missing Teen.."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/IcAmpqsCvzE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "IcAmpqsCvzE"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["anna solves","true crime","true crime stories"]
date: "2021-11-16T10:27:49+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-14T20:00:08Z"
duration: "PT11M18S"
viewcount: "181447"
likeCount: "7701"
dislikeCount: "558"
channel: "anna solves"
---
{% raw %}The CREEPY Video That Led To Clues Of A 12 Year Old Missing Teen..<br /><br />A crime case of a missing teenage girl Kayla Berg who disappeared without a trace, went cold until a creepy video cropped up and shocked everyone! Subscribe to Anna Solves for more true crime.<br /><br />Kayla May Berg was born on August 29th, 1993, to her parents Hope Sprenger, and James Spanbauer. She grew up in the small town of Antigo, Wisconsin, with her older brother, Jimmy, and had a pretty normal childhood filled with lots of family fun and outdoor adventures. <br /><br />Unfortunately, when Kayla was little, her mom and dad separated. And not long after, her dad was diagnosed with cancer and had to move in with Kayla’s grandparents as he underwent treatment.  Kayla was very close to her dad, and seeing him sick really took a toll on her. <br /><br />When Hope and James separated, they agreed to have an open-door policy with their kids that allowed Kayla and her brother to see both parents whenever they wanted. This kept the family close even after the separation. <br /><br />Kayla was described as a sweet and kindhearted person who would strike up a conversation with basically anyone. She was also a very energetic and talented gymnast who specialized in tumbling. She had been participating in the sport since she was a little girl and was a member of her high school’s team. Due to her friendly nature, Kyla had lots of friends and loved spending time with them.<br /><br />In 2007, one of her friends introduced her to the party scene in Wausau, Wisconsin, a city located near Antigo. The parties became the highlight of Kayla and her friends’ weekends, but they would sneak out without their parents’ knowledge in order to attend.  <br /><br />And it was at those parties that Kayla met Miguel Marrero, who was four years older than her. Miguel and his friends were known to throw huge house parties that Kayla and her friends attended. Despite their age difference, Kayla and Miguel started dating. <br /><br />Hope didn’t approve of this relationship and felt like Miguel was a bad influence and taking advantage of her daughter’s naivety. Kayla had started skipping school and experimenting with narcotics. So Hope decided to bring her daughter to a new environment, hoping that they could have a fresh start.<br /><br />And although Kayla hated having to leave her friends, she agreed to move with her mom to Texas. After several weeks of living in Texas, Hope realized that life there was not as easy as she had thought. She was having a hard time finding a job, and Kayla’s new high school didn’t have a gymnastic team. Also, Kayla’s dad’s health had started to deteriorate.  Keep watching to find out how this tragic story ends...<br /><br />#internethorror #truecrime #truecrimedocumentary{% endraw %}
